"so yes, let's not look for trouble with countries that can potentially destroy us. let's keep our warships here at home, ready to defend us if the need arises. not elsewhere playing petty geopolitics. "
"and now nk yet again promise it will stop its nuclear program on a promise with nothing backing it up... "
"i don't like harper either and originally he seemed to denounce trump, but lately he seems happy to suck his dick. and scheer is no better - attacking trudeau for standing up to trump. "
"they have always acted in bad faith and there is nothing showing they won't again. "
"we do not hold a formal military/defensive alliance with ukraine although we do have very positive relations with them often extending to joint military exercises. "
"let’s break this down for you. last time trump met with kim they had talks about denuclearization that did not go well. trump calling kim out on social media and portraying him in a negative image already disproves your point of him liking dictators. "
"* icbm's made polar routed bombers obsolete. all of the us century fighters found their way into air national guard. "
"nk made the same pledge again in 2005 but in 2006 it declared it successfully developed a nuke and nk later refused to have people inspect its facilities to make sure it is dismantling its weapon program. "
"the united states would definitely not allow canada to get nuclear armed cruise missiles under any circumstances because the only possible country that canada could use them against would be the united states and the rest of the world would be out of their range. it would be even more controversial than if canada developed a full icbm program. "
"but then it immediately became obsolete because the us and soviet union developed icbms at the same time and there was no more purpose for an interceptor plane since all the nukes would be shot by missiles coming from sub orbit instead of strategic bombers. "
"imagine if clinton had gone to meet with kim without preexisting conditions, and then coming back with a promise from kim to negotiate to do something he had already agreed to do. and afterwards clinton talking about how fantastic of a leader kim is and how caring he is for his people? "
"our standard are not insane. trusting nk to follow their words on nothing but their words is insane. "
"because apparently north korea pretending to he interested in denuclearization for the 5th time until the 'oh no, we mean no more us troops on the entire peninsula' moment was proof that almost starting nuclear wars was a good thing. "
"not too long ago cbc posted something about north korea's perception of canada: "
"artillery shells do canada no good since we need to already physically be there and at relatively close range to fire them (typical range of artillery is 40km). in fact having those weapons would most likely just get us killed by another nuclear adversary with real nuclear weapons since we'd be view as a peer threat even through in reality we aren't. torpedos are only useful for coastal targets and again are yield and range limited, keep in mine we basically only have 1 operation submarine right now. torpedos are relatively slow and can also be tracked once fired, especially over long distances which makes intercept very possible. while not a totally useless weapon they are very limited in application and can't be used for non-coastal targets. for the purposes of nuclear deterrence mines are useless so we'll skip those. "
"the same people saying that this is not progress are the same people who were hyperventilating about trump calling him short and fat and threatening fire fury last winter. "
"i'm all for global warming and gender issues too but i think preparing for that summit is a little more important... "
"before trump's wild threats and inconsistency, china and nk were talking behind closed doors. trump has done nothing but ratchet up the tension and show nk that they are not a negotiation partner that can be trusted, and he put the cart way before the horse taking credit for progress because nothing substantive has been done and they can't even agree on the framework for the talks. "
"'trump ducked out mid-morning to begin his nearly 20-hour journey to singapore where he is expected to meet with north korean leader kim jong-un on june 12' "
"gutting the state department, tearing up the iran deal, and talking about lybia all sabotaged these talks. trump didn't even seem to understand that both sides mean different things by denuclearization. unless he's willing to pull all us troops from the peninsula, there will be no deal. "
