"a signing ceremony then took place, with the trump's 80-minute news conference rounding off the day at 4:00 p.m. "
">mr pompeo described their talks about denuclearisation 'substantive'. "
"the document also included the following four points: "
">what's next? "
"i was surprised by that from trump, that maniac is just full of surprises i guess, apparently some aren’t bad. i just hope the dprk stands it’s ground and definitely doesn’t submit to nuclear supervision by the united states, let alone denuclearization "
">president trump cautioned that the summit might not achieve a final deal on the north's controversial nuclear programme. "
"there was nothing in what they signed about it being verified, only that the dprk 'commits to work toward complete denuclearization.' "
"trump also thanked chinese president xi jinping, describing him as 'a terrific person and a friend of mine and really a great leader of his people,' japanese prime minister shinzo abe and rok president moon jae-in for their roles in creating the environment for the summit to take place. he added that he would speak to xi and moon shortly. "
"trump will likely remove us troops or stop war games as a start. "
">what did trump tell the media? "
"trump added he believed the korean war 'will soon end,' saying 'the past does not have to define the future, yesterday's conflict does not have to be tomorrow's war.' "
">so they helped dprk purely on proletarian internationalism and solidarity? "
"here's a list of countries north korea have invaded since 1945: "
"the us forces are still waiting for “guidance on execution or cessation of training exercises,” lovett said in a statement on tuesday, adding that the joint drills “will continue with our current military posture until we receive updated guidance from the department of defense.” "
"us president donald trump (r) gives a thumbs up as he sits down with dprk leader kim jong un (l) at the capella hotel on sentosa island in singapore on june 12, 2018. /vcg photo "
"kim jong-un 'begged for summit on hands and knees': giuliani "
">although the ferocity of the bombing was criticized as racist and unjustified elsewhere in the world, it was never a big story back home. u.s. press coverage of the air war focused, instead, on “mig alley,” a narrow patch of north korea near the chinese border. there, in the world’s first jet-powered aerial war, american fighter pilots competed against each other to shoot down five or more soviet-made fighters and become “aces.” war reporters rarely mentioned civilian casualties from u.s. carpet-bombing. it is perhaps the most forgotten part of a forgotten war. "
">from 'fire and fury' to a relationship 'as good as it's been in a long time'. the summit is on, then it's off, now it's on again. the president, as witnessed by his impromptu 16 minute question-and-answer session with gathered reporters, is basking in the world's spotlight as he conducts these historic negotiations. "
"the us president hailed the dprk commitment to 'complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula' and said verification processes had been discussed, but conceded that full denuclearization would take 'a long time.' he added: 'we will do it as fast as it can mechanically and physically be done.' "
"remember, the wording of the actual document says dprk 'reafirms commitment to denuclearization.' if your grammar is good, you know the prefix re- means again, as in kim didn't promise anything new and got concessions from a fascist usa. "
