"the current agreement signed is much less than what was signed in 92 and 94 which included specific steps toward denuclearization. in that respect, we are currently further away. it all depends on what pompeo can get done i suppose, there’s still a long way to go. the difference this time is that the leaders got a lot closer first, with details, hopefully to follow. we’ll see "
"if they continue their anti trump campaign and all goes well with the denuclearization i think they will turn off a lot of moderates and even a lot of liberals. "
"i believe you are looking at it wrong. but by your logic. would it not also mean that if your country gives up your nuclear weapons program and stops threatening the u.s., that you may live in peace? "
"i am counting this as a result, but i’m also saying it’s ok if you wait. "
"north korea's kim jong-un and donald trump sign denuclearisation agreement in singapore "
"cuba didn't have wmds. cuba didn't have nukes. cuba wasn't selling icbm technology to terrorist nation's. cuba didn't have the capability to deliver a warhead to other nations. cuba didn't have the capability to kill millions within 15 minutes. "
"singapore unveils commemorative coins for trump, kim summit "
"both. no verification exists in this 'deal'. all they said is that they will discuss denuclearization at a later date. they didn't even define what denuclearization means (it means very different things to north korea and thew us). we committed to stopping military exercises with south korea, we gave him decades worth of propaganda, we stopped applying our 'maximum pressure' sanctions. "
"nobody is using icbms. it would be conventional at first. as long as we didn't attempt to invade their mainland, but thats a different topic. "
"kim jong-un: murderous dictator, tyrannical regime not changed by trump summit "
">is there a better way to manage this while also protecting our borders? "
"'why north korea denuclearization is actually bad.' "
"sirpounce is a committed nevertrumper. he was mad trump tried something new and now hopes to gloat over what appears to a failure to broker denuclearization. he likely would have been equally mad if trump had lead with hellfires instead of an open hand. "
"*joint military exercises, iirc "
"> beyond that, increased military pressure and rhetoric can pressure china into panicking and making a move on north korea themselves, forcing a regime change or denuclearization. "
"i think all of this is a show for the cameras and that the actual negotiations have already taken place and the denuclearization is well on its way to becoming a reality. "
"keep in mind: "
"it might be tiny wins, but we got them using house money. "
"that article you link literally says this could've been the best move trump has made if it works, a 'genius move by trump', or it could have simply legitimized a evil regime for no benefit if it fails. he's pointing out that nothing significant has been gained w/regard to denuclearization, yet at the expense of legitimization and recognition and respect towards his horrible regime. "
"no one is asking why nk has done a 180 over the last 12 months.... how did we go from all the icbm testing to this!?!? "
