"now we are ending war games with the south. "
"that is a lie. the wh first said complete denuclearization was the deal for the meeting. "
"'anyone' can run. "
"which are lies. "
"jim sciutto on twitter: 'bottomline: #northkorea committed to nothing and promised nothing, including denuclearization, and yet got a first-ever summit with the us president, something pyongyang has desired for decades.' "
"it's not that democrats can't or haven't wanted to do these things. it's not that they may not agree with republicans on how some things ought to be done. "
"that’s irrelevant when you are either lying or wrong. "
"2) the president not only claimed that denuclearization would be part of this meeting, "
"why is the process such that after we've looked at any / everyone who runs, it inevitably narrows down to one white male vs another? "
"we got nothing. "
"what else does he have? "
"but he and his cult and now claiming the threat is “over” and nk has agreed to “denuclearize”. "
"kim jong un invites trump to pyongyang as democrats pray for a nuclear conflict "
"i've said my piece on what the dems are doing, you know exactly what i mean. if you tried any more bullshit hyperliteralism you'd be implying that i think the democrats are saying verbatim what the republicans said back with iran. "
"it's that, in 'appeasing the base' in 'search of votes' and for people willing to 'chip in' to help the cause, both parties thread the needles. "
"kim jong un is donald trump's equal, south korean media says following historic singapore summit "
"trump's tiny hands may have been mocked by kim jong-un's over-sized letter "
"around the halls: brookings experts react to the trump-kim jong-un summit in singapore -- the trump administration will probably tout this as a nobel-worthy effort by president trump, but the singapore summit produced little more than frothy statements without substance."
"not that he (obama) didn't think of it (or in some cases propose it, in some cases citing word for word republican proposals and actively soliciting republican ideas and professing and proactively trying to work with republicans). maybe not always, but, certainly at least as much and easily, arguably, more than this president has or is likely to. "
"the admin said the negotiation was for denuclearization. "
