"there is no chance nk denuclearises. some americans actually think, after putting economic development in statis for 20 years to finally achieve a nuke and icbm that can sufficiently deter the us, that they would actually give it all up, for.. economic aid. nothing but american delusion and fantasy. "
"what do you think is denuclearization supposed to mean? "
"the ballistic missile alert in hawaii was a human error, but it is a sign how much north korea has achieved its goal. a small country can challenge the super power by mastering nuclear weapon technology. it showed the north koreans are capable, and no matter how you hate kim's system, mind control or human rights violations, he can achieve the goals. this leaves the arab countries in shame - despite their almost endless resources they are not capable of organizing and achieving at the level of the nks. us can not allow any potential nations to gain inspiration from north korea, the nuclear program must be stopped right away. this is the weakness of the world powers including us, and the biggest gains president trump was able to get for national security. "
"european officials said in recent weeks they expected oil imports would have to start gradually falling after the november deadline, giving them time to explore how to keep iran in the nuclear deal and prevent it from resuming its nuclear activities. "
"systems south of the pyongyang-wonsan line, this strategy could "
"i'm wondering what impresses you. it seems pretty similar to the april 27, 2018 panmunjom declaration. no timetable. no definition of what 'denuclearization' actually means. plus no mention of cvid, which was the administration original ask. "
"power projection was a necessity in cold war because sk was economically and militarily weak. "
"that’s a net positive for japan and korea. i don’t see the problem. "
"even if all were destroyed after firing, the dprk could sustain "
"they met for a few hours. everybody that is criticizing yesterday’s meeting was probably criticizing the aggressive position trump took months ago. it’s childish to think they’d possibly have the definitive agreement worked out by now. what’s different this time is that kim knows that trump is capable of a preemptive strike and knows that trump isn’t one to play games with. i really think this will lead to denuclearization and am surprised nobody else here thinks so. "
"there's also the suggestion that there's a certain masterstroke by the dprk in sidelining korea and the japanese by putting itself into a position where it can directly threaten the us, forcing the united states to sideline its regional allies, upturning a delicate balancing act of sorts where the us's regional interests were generally much more in line with japan and south korea. now, with the north korean ballistic missile capability being able to strike at the united states directly, they've forced the us to deal directly, and not through the usual multilateral process. this was something that few japanese policymakers seem to have anticipated, and thus they are rather uh...shall we say directionless about what to do next and how to do it. "
"it was a short summit. later negotiations are supposed to deliver details. "
"'kim promised trump during their summit on tuesday to dismantle this facility,' a diplomatic source said. he said that kim presented the offer as a kind of surprise card to trump, who is known to like showy outcomes. "
"b) nk's mineral wealth is exaggerated by sk unificational ministry to offset the enormous cost of shouldering nk reconstruction efforts. if nk was so mineral rich, they would have exploited it by now. they aren't stupid you know. "
"the key part being 'efforts toward'. in diplomacy words are important. north korea did not commit to denuclearize, it only committed, in the vaguest conceivable terms, to 'work toward' denuclearization - which could mean anything, or more probably nothing. "
">“suspension of the combined exercise needs consultation between the us and south korea. we need to wait and see what the us intends to do,” a defense official said under the condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. "
"i've read many users say that north korea will relinquish its nuclear stockpiles in exchange for economic incentives, because the primary goal of the north korean state is economic development. but i disagree. the primary goal of the north korean state is ensuring that its existence will continue, after that, prosperity comes second. there can be no prosperity if your nation doesn't exist or is in total ruins. a nuclear stockpile is the ultimate key to ensuring that north korea's prospects for survival are assured, which is something north korean leaders probably saw as jeopardized given the animosity of the united states' towards north korea and its actions towards other regimes it saw as unfavorable to its own interests across the globe (see iraq, libya, bosnia, kosovo, etc.) this furthermore makes it unappealing to the north korean leadership to actually agree to any treaty with the united states that would entail disarmament, because the united states has proven itself to be fundamentally whimsical between different administrations and untrustworthy. if i were a north korean leader, i would safeguard the nuclear stockpile to my best ability. "
"i think the dprk will try to, in exchange for halting the growth of its nuclear program or agreeing to some sort of arms limitation treaty, negotiate an agreement that will see the end of sanctions on the nation and possibly the implementation of those projects that moon talked about. not only would this bring prosperity to the north korean economy, something the north korean leadership is undoubtedly seeking, but it would also generally increase ties between north korea and its neighbors - especially south korea. the growth of an economic relationship between north korea and south korea not only creates inter-dependency between the two, but also ameliorates the threat of south korea to north korea. it enables north korea to influence south korean politics and interests, at the expense of the us's ability to use south korea for its own. "
"xi accepted an invite from kim to visit pyongyang in jun/july. even by standards of negotiations, 3 visits to china in 3 months is very very frequent, esp. since xi was planning to visit nk very soon anyways. so total four (4) visits in a span of 4 months if xi does go to pyongyang in jun/july as previous reported. "
"> * 1. the united states and the dprk commit to establish new u.s.-dprk relations in accordance with the desire of the peoples of the two countries for peace and prosperity. "
