" convinced that the establishment of new u.s.-dprk relations will contribute to the peace and prosperity of the korean peninsula and of the world, and recognizing that mutual confidence building can promote the denuclearization of the korean peninsula, president trump and chairman kim jong un state the following: "
" june 12, 2018 "
"when north korea doesn't have nuclear weapons in 10 years people will point to this document as historical significance. "
"> we don’t really know if trump will actually stay true to his word. he’s known for being a liar who doesn’t fulfill promises. "
">our exercises in south korea were provocations to begin with so i don’t see him conceding that as a complete negative. it would’ve been much more beneficial if there was an actual deal tied to it but i overall don’t mind. "
"you're incredibly delusional and ignorant. you're comparing people like me to real extremists like nazis and kkk. you're just about as fucking retarded are reich-wingers, and i honestly wonder if you are one or at least a russian troll. just like wilanator, you think you're being reasonable, but instead you're just being incredibly stupid and naive. you being a centrist doesn't make you 'all-knowing' like you seem to think it does, it just makes you at least half as ignorant as republicans. you know absolutely nothing of what's going on with nk right now, and nothing but the image of it is positive. peace talks with nk are necessary, but trump is the last person we want at those talks. "
"i applaud any steps taken toward denuclearization. i hope this works out for us and nk, but fear he's being baited and played because of how easy the world leaders are realizing it is to do so. "
" having acknowledged that the u.s.-dprk summit — the first in history — was an epochal event of great significance in overcoming decades of tensions and hostilities between the two countries and for the opening up of a new future, president trump and chairman kim jong un commit to implement the stipulations in this joint statement fully and expeditiously. the united states and the dprk commit to hold follow-up negotiations, led by the u.s. secretary of state, mike pompeo, and a relevant high-level dprk official, at the earliest possible date, to implement the outcomes of the u.s.-dprk summit. "
" joint statement of president donald j. trump of the united states of america and chairman kim jong un of the democratic people’s republic of korea at the singapore summit "
" (signed) "
"who said only work with our allies? do you not understand the difference between effective diplomacy and conceding something significant? when clinton was president he agreed to supply nk with fuel in return for nk halting plutonium enrichment. understand the difference between that and what just happened? "
" president of the united states of america "
" 2. the united states and the dprk will join their efforts to build a lasting and stable peace regime on the korean peninsula. "
"so, the best we can hope for is a return to the status quo, only relations will be worsened. that's some serious upside! "
"alright, i'll bite. how is this north korea denuclearization contract so different from the 20 others from the past 30 years? "
"but why do i even bother? idiots like you are just as delusional in your centrism as republicans are bigoted and hateful. if you're dumb enough to compare my unwillingness to tolerate intolerance to actual extremism like that of nazis and kkk, then you're too dumb to listen to reason. if you wanna cry about it, just remember you brought this on yourself. "
"takeaways from the singapore summit"
" president donald j. trump of the united states of america and chairman kim jong un of the state affairs commission of the democratic people’s republic of korea have committed to cooperate for the development of new u.s.-dprk relations and for the promotion of peace, prosperity, and security of the korean peninsula and of the world. "
">what if iran, syria, north korea, or russia decided to do military exercises in mexico, cuba or canada? (hypothetically ofc but my point still stands) they’re just [insert your justification] so that makes it okay right? or would that no longer be ok? "
" president donald j. trump of the united states of america and chairman kim jong un of the state affairs commission of the democratic people’s republic of korea (dprk) held a first, historic summit in singapore on june 12, 2018. "
