"how is iran a shit deal? it was verifiable denuclearization with target dates, international monitoring and was supported and backed by our international allies. "
"the reason presidents haven't met them in the past is that they didn't want to legitimize these tactics by meeting without getting some concessions first. the most powerful man in the world met with the leader of what amounts to a non-player solely because that country threatened everyone with nuclear weapons. what kind of precedence does that set? even worse, the president *made concessions* for this meeting to happen, promising not to bring up human rights. the us made concessions for this, not the other way around. it makes kim look strong, and gives him something to propagandize for his people. "
"to me, that seems to be the case, at least for now. "
">i can't wait to watch a bunch of 'libertarians' explain how we're peace, denuclearization and trade is a bad thing, and how we're actually the world police responsible for more then defending ourselves in terms of foreign policy. "
"> at the same time i love the fact that my country has a strong military "
"> it may simply be that this is all the water needed at this time to carry away the heat from the residual radioactivity in the reactor, if the reactor is currently shut down. "
"i'm guessing this is so our space efforts can be funded through pentagon budgets rather than nasa budgets. "
"greg thielmann, former director of the strategic, proliferation, and military affairs office of the state department's intelligence bureau, said clinton’s policies also interrupted north korea’s flight-testing of longer range ballistic missiles.** "
">oh you mean the 18 other times they said they would denuclearize were just a test for this time? got it. "
"\- signed right to try act "
"did clinton 'accomplish nothing'? "
"when 'complete denuclearization' really means the word that an untrustworthy actor gives you will happen over the course of some unspecified time and you say 'great, you sound like a stand-up guy. in fact you're such a stand-up guy i am going to compliment you to the world and offer to stop preparing in case anything bad happens because you're just that darn reliable'. i am for a scaled down military presence in the world. i am for easing of tensions on the korean peninsula. i am not for 'dealmakers' who make terrible deals. it wasn't good for obama with iran and it's not good for trump with nk. "
"a little early to claim this is never going to happen again isn't it? "
">1999: north korea signs historic agreement to end missile tests "
"he said 'hope and change' and people believed him. that really deserves a peace prize.... especially before he went on a drone killing spree and helped instigate the fall governments across the middle east and north africa. "
"trump actually said he has been preparing for months and feels well prepared by now. he acknowledged that the north korean side was no doubt also well prepared, and that it's now important both sides have the right attitude of willingness to reach an agreement. "
"additionally, by this logic, i don't see how you could support trump - who literally bombed a sovereign nation without congressional approval. "
">2006: north korea again support for 'denuclearization' of korean peninsula "
"that's what you think it means to own land: to have total dominion over the land and anyone on it. "
"here's what north korea actually agreed to, i mean here is the agreement in its entirety "
