"trump and kim sign joint agreement as historic singapore summit draws to a close"
"what this branch will do is take over the responsibilities of the air force space command.  track icbms, launch and maintain gps satellites, surveillance satellites, etc. i suppose that if military operations begin happening in space, it would go under this department. "
"as i said when it was originally cancelled... "
"these are concessions that no previous administration has made. but trump has left with no more than what they achieved. "
"trump has been announcing loudly and often that this was his agenda since he began running for office and he's followed through. the g7, nato, nafta, tpp, paris climate accord, justice department, fbi, cia, epa, state department, congress etc have all been cancelled, brushed back or gutted in his first 500 days. now he's doing the same with us military presence in asia. which is why he's happy to walk out of singapore with a fig leaf that justifies a withdrawal of us forces, and nobody around him is pointing out that a 'direct channel to pyongyang' is no substitute for an actual path to verifying the elimination of the nk nuclear programme. "
"so it is hard to 'invest' in north koreas sincerity in this agreement and hard to invest in donald trump's ability to bring it together. and it's easy to see how this will actually take us further from denuclearisation if north korea uses this lapse in pressure to continue developing it's weapons as it has in the past. "
"loaded questions don't really do much to shine a light on issues and it's interesting that this is the same tack that donald trump takes when defending criticism of his performance at the singapore summit. "
"there was nothing in the latest agreement that addresses reunification. "
"and as i say now, and will continue saying when talks fall through and nothing changes... "
"nk's nukes aren't going anywhere. this cycle happens over and over, nothing about this is out of character except the levels of celebration. "
"as for his deal making abilities. trump has already [conceded unprecedented visibility for kim jon un which has been been rolled into a propaganda victory] ( and an [end to joint us/south korean military exercises, which is a major concession to china as well] ( "
"trump choosing to make a political distraction out of the cycle by cheering they saved the world, or trump looking like a fool because things fell through, neither are realistic. "
"as i said when it originally was planned... "
"from the article: "
"there are two main reasons that people don't want a new armed service. the first is larger bureaucracy, more things to manage. the second is a loss of power for the air force. right now the air force handles everything that will be passed to the space force. losing this responsibility makes the air force less powerful and get less funding. similar to how the army wasn't happy when the air force split from the army. "
"> *the official told reuters that trump no longer thought of china’s influence over north korea as a compelling reason not to impose tariffs now that the united states had a direct line of communication with pyongyang.* "
"the trump administration see laws, institutions and oversight as barriers to their agenda. which is to dismantle the existing order that sees american prosperity linked to it's ability to forge alliances with allies and project power to its enemies. in the ensuing chaos they can then replace this established order with ad-hoc agreements that no longer go through legal and institutional channels, but instead directly through the president who 'does deals' that put 'america first'. "
"this is the same nk cycle as always. "
"shouldn't we all be invested in korean reunification and denuclearization? "
"er... does he think that china no longer has any influence on north korea? why on earth aren't his advisers correcting him? "
