"and 2. potus agreed to drop joint sk/us exercises. that is specific and verifiable, where work toward denuclearization is non specific and not easily measurable. exercises with sk are an important part of american military presence in the region and while they are anything but perfect (i've participated in a few.) they do keep the forces able to communicate and work together while reassuring our allies. basically we agreed to significantly curtail a working relationship with an ally to get a vague promise from an historical adversary. now, details of a verifiable denuclearization plan could still come out, but they haven't yet.  "
"yes views vary: "
"joint statement of president donald j. trump of the united states of america and chairman kim jong un of the democratic people's republic of korea at the singapore summit "
"each presidential administration has made a go at peace talks with north korea. and each time, the u.s. has gotten burned when north korea decides not to adhere to the agreement. "
"the united states and the dprk commit to establish new u.s.-dprk relations in accordance with the desire of the peoples of the two countries for peace and prosperity. "
"but to say that pompeo’s statement that that is the goal of this agreement contradicts the agreement doesn’t seem to line up with the facts. "
"what are the historical implications of the trump/kim summit as it relates to denuclearization and the halting of joint-military exercises?"
"2. commitment to end joint exercises with an ally. "
"what i want to know is how the us could even argue for the need for sanctions going forward. the us has given a lot of legitimacy to this regime simply by meeting with them, and now it seems that nk has both the carrot and the stick to wield in future negotiations. "
"honestly, this is the only document that matters at this point, because it is the only signed agreement that exists. "
"if i was trump, and my goal was to limit regional hegemony of a belligerent nation who threatens us allies (israel) and participates in proxy wars against your allies (syria), i would push for complete denuclearization of that country. furthermore, i would impose additional sanctions for these threats against my allies. hence i would withdraw from the jcpoa, renegotiate a deal that denuclearizes iran and limits its military capabilities, and support the nk deal until nk no longer commits to denuclearization. "
"it is not clear that anything beyond trump’s press conference statement has actually happened. this administration has a different approach on the relationship between things the president says and official actions compared with other us administrations. "
"you are right to claim that the written agreement does not detail how verifiable denuclearization will be achieved. "
"that's a good point. i guess in terms of this particular deal, i was more interested in discussion the historical aspects of how kim has approached denuclearization and how this differs from past 'pledges' he's made. "
"3. your source "
"this pattern of negotiate, agree, renege, attempt to renegotiate, develop weapons, test weapons continues right up to today. deals are made, and broken. "
"also the impacts that stopping exercises could have. "
"there is a consistent pattern in which north korea will pledge to do something, only to backtrack soon afterwards. the most recent example of this is probably back in 2012. north korea had pledged to halt pursuing nuclear and missile technology research in exchange for food relief. a couple months later, north korea launched a 'satellite' using icbm related technology. other countries, including the u.s., protested, which led to the u.s. cancelling food relief efforts to north korea. "
"(this is really an arbitrary selection of events in a long history of negotiations. an abbreviated but extensive chronology is available here:  "
"what has been publicly released is contrary to mike pompeo's . the parties promise to 'join efforts' [for peace], 'work toward denuclearization' and recover pow/mia remains and no more. the agreement lays out no plan on how any of this will be accomplished. "
