"* in 1985, north korea signs the npt, yet continued to develop its nuclear capabilities. "
"they do share a border but that's on the other side of korea, that is still an american ally, and america has a ton of bases in the area. "
"there is a *possibility* of movement towards denuclearization. "
"it's really funny how quickly this thread just got jumped up on by a bunch of no-name no age trump supporters. "
"president donald j. trump of the united states of america and chairman kim jong un of the democratic people's republic of korea (dprk) held a first, historic summit in singapore on june 12, 2018. "
"somehow, stating the obvious fact that obama was wrong and romney was right - that russia is a bigger geopolitical threat than north korea (before they had a functioning icbm mind you) - is russian propaganda. are you a decade old halo game? because that's quite a reach. "
"you're making economic assumptions now, assuming that there will be a crash because of trump. the opposite has happened. assuming there will be a crash is very dubious, and another example of contrarianism. "
"> immigration reform. "
"chinese and south korean companies have already invested substantial amounts of resources preparing for normalized trade with north korea. "
"north korea is coming through with a 'major' denuclearization step for trump "
"but secondly, you bet there are people who want north korea to remain a threat and for their people to continue suffering in the dark ages if the alternative would be admitting that trump had anything to do with any success there. i'll say that again: trump haters would absolutely prefer further suffering of millions of north koreans and heightened nuclear danger in the region over trump succeeding. "
"we've been negotiating with them for decades now and nothing has changed. "
"after 70 years, the two countries had the first face to face meeting with future meetings planned out. there are plans for peace and denuclearization, but it's not enough for you? wow. the bias has no bounds. "
"that's a big positive. "
"if we complete the treaty process and the dprk repeats the actions in your list, we'll have a problem with them like we did with the islamic republic of iran. "
"but hey, if you really want to believe that liberals are just contrarians and that trump is objectively improving relations with nk, go for it. you're just wrong. "
"if the talks fail, we restart wargames. it's not like a decade long process. we could have wargames next week if we wanted. "
">meanwhile, the iran deal had inspectors, surveillance, and stipulations which enforced the denuclearization efforts. yet you, and all other republicans, condemned that deal for being too good to iran.... "
"he has had numerous professionals in his cabinet and related agencies quit because he refuses to take advice from professionals in fields he doesn't have familiarity with. his staff retention rate would be awful for most companies, but it's even worse for politics. "
"really when you think about the ripple effect across the geopolitical landscape from this meeting is significant. whether or not this agreement works out is far from clear to anyone - including myself- but it’s importance on many layers cannot be overstated. "
