">we refused as that would be giving them a boost in image that they crave in exchange for nothing because they would not actually agree to anything we wanted "
"so if they stop negotiating or stop meeting demands, but don't rebuild their program, the excercises still have to stop? for how long? (this is what's going to happen, btw) there is great pressure to keep up the excercises because they are super important as far as keeping the u.s. / sk defense command structure working well together and also training the annual crop of sk draftees when the older ones are rotated out. "
"if the denuclearization of north korea proves to be a success, should trump be issued the nobel peace prize?"
"kim jong-un has backed himself into a corner by making personal promises to trump. if he reneges trump will take it as a personal affront and most likely declare war on nk as soon as possible. trump is treating the denuclearization, and his new friendship with nk, as his crowning achievement - if trump is remembered for anything immensely positive, this is going to be it, and he knows that, he knows the importance here and he won't take it lightly. if you thought the 'fire and fury' comment was harsh, it'll be nothing compared to what he'll say and do if kim doesn't follow through. "
"true, but kim would rather take the world down with him if he was deposed. perhaps he may be deranged enough to think that he could survive a nuclear war- are you willing to take that risk? if nk senses that their nuclear program attracts more ire than it generates defense, it will be dismantled overnight. by signaling to kim that we’re not gonna launch middles at him in the immediate future, we can actually pressure him into denuclearization. and if, as you said, the priority is to avoid nuclear war, i’m not sure how opening a negotiating channel with nk brings us closer to war. "
"if it comes down to dying in a blaze of glory as allied tanks close in on pyongyang, or dying in prison in the hague, he might choose the former. "
"okay, sure. don't insult people when you want something out of them. that's a good idea. "
"if they start rebuilding their testing site, or testing weapons again, then the us can simply restart military exercises. not that those are super important to begin with. "
"as /u/nerokis mentioned, typically a high-level summit such as this, with the two heads of state, is the final (or near final) event, commemorating and finalizing the months/years of back channel and behind-the-scenes diplomatic work with a big show full of pomp and symbolism. it's the culmination event. "
"> trump's rhetoric contributed to their push to develop an icbm capable of hitting the usa. "
"mostly because north korea upped the ante by refining its nuclear weapons program and spent the last couple years finishing 'development' on its icbm (whether it would work in practice is another question). then they show up at the negotiating table and say, 'you're making us kind of skittish, can you stop the military drills?' "
"if you looked at the long history of trying to make deals with nk, you would be pessimistic as well. "
"if you could go back in time and be nice and friendly to hitler if it meant that ww2 the holocaust would never have happened, wouldn't you do it? or would being nice and friendly be too painful for you and you'd just let history play out as it did? baffling... "
">your objections are essentially 'i think trump is shit, this is going to end up terribly because he's involved, it's bad'. "
"we learned that even the trump white house has the sense to not promise anything that it can't reverse at this juncture, and that north korea is continuing the tried and true practice of giving another american president a ceremonial victory to close another chapter of them acting like lunatics. but the actions of this summit are a quiet admission by all parties concerned of the reality on the ground: north korea has already won, and there's nothing we can do to change that. "
"* a signed document in which kim 'reaffirmed' the vague promises he made in the agreement with south korea he made earlier this year. those promises are essentially the same promises north korea has been making for decades, and that they have broken repeatedly in the past. "
"i don't buy this. they were already considered a nuclear state long before this meeting, and this whole 'recognition' thing is silly - any respect the us/trump has for nk/kim is contingent on denuclearization; if kim doesn't begin the process immediately, it won't be long before trump starts ramping up the tough talk again, and since he'll almost certainly feel betrayed/insulted, it's likely to go much further than just tough talk. "
"you say 'unless he fucks up.' any reasonable observer would instead phrase that as 'unless his supporters realize that he continually fucks them over.' but that seems unlikely. "
"however, assuming that trump does get a deal that is on the same level as eiae inspections that iran agreed to or better that involves removing all their nuclear weapons, removing enriched uranium stockpiles, dismantling centrifuges, addressing human right's abuses, etc., that would definitely be a success that everyone should vouch for. trump's a republican, so less risk of any potential peace being sabotaged by a republican congress or another republican president in the future. "
"> plus the success with n korea, even just getting the hermit out of his shell "
