"not to mention what the fuck did you think was going to happen? kim jong un would give up everything without a single concession from the united states?!?!?!? "
"second, half the claims it makes about kim jong-il’s “broken promises” are to international treaties not to the untied states. the one true agreement to the us to shot down it’s reactors in 1994 was followed for almost a decade till the us accused n korea in 2003 of possessing nuclear weapons (a claim by the bush 43 administration that like iraq possessing nuclear weapons turned out to be bad intel) and cuts off oil shipments. the us broke its promise based on bad intel and in return n korea restarted it’s nuclear program in 2003 and withdrew from the international nuclear non-proliferation treaty. "
"but without nuclear weapons, dprk poses little threat to the much better equipped and trained rok military. "
"meanwhile south korea has a modern military force armed to the teeth with the best conventional weaponry available. "
"our forces are still in korea because the war never ended, if the war ends and the north denuclearizes there is no need to keep tens of thousands of us troops in south korea. "
"well, technically nothing is over yet, but this is the closest we’ve ever came to ending the korean war finally. also the first time we’ve had both sides openly and transparently negotiating towards denuclearization. "
"north korea agrees to ‘complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula' after trump-kim summit"
"reading the korea herald and the korea times, i don’t think they really feel thrown under the bus. the suspension of exercises contingent to nk’s effort is reasonable; we’ve done those exercises for 50 years, and i believe the next drill was scheduled in august and we can restart in a second. if suspending one or two sets of exercises is the cost of dealing with nk, then so be it, it’s definitely worth it and not irreversible. risky? hell, yea; but the payoff might be worth a century of peace and some freedom for north koreans. "
"the first and only “broken promise” by kim jong-un according to this video is an unsourced and uncited accusation that kim jong-in broke a promise in 2012 to suspend its nuclear weapons program in exchange for food. the supposed violation was attempting to launch a satellite, which actually blew up a minute into its flight btw. "
"edit: i would not want to be the secret service agents in charge of that detail!! "
"^(parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)]( comment&message=delete! e0l7gfc) "
"that compared to the alternative, kim facing personal hardship along side his people isn’t palatable to him. "
"i think the biggest difference here is the us is negotiating from the position of power. we aren’t begging n korean to meet up, they are begging up to meet them. "
"> because kim doesn't need nukes to take over south korea. "
"first off literally 85 to 90% of this has absolutely nothing to do with kim jong-un but kim jong-il. "
"you can have your own opinions but not your own facts, nor can you make up shit a source isn’t saying either. "
"you act like trump made this off the cuff and without consultation with the south koreans? "
"nk has a loooong history of promising denuclearization and not making good on that promise. i don't see any lever as to why this will be any different. "
"until an agreement is signed and everything is enforced i’m still prepared for it to fall apart but it looks like things might actually succeed. "
"edit: lever, not level "
