"after a year or two blue states will launch mechanized offensive if red states havent surrendered . this will most likely be supported by eu forces and out side actors who have significant economic investments . than follows post insurgency clean up where black van teams bag and tag folks who cause issues. "
"yeah they also kinda let the ussr field nuclear icbms to fire at use during the cold war, and remained hostile afterwards. threatening people with nuclear holocaust is usually not taken lightly. of course, relations have now begun to thaw thanks to the passing of cuba's old dictatorship. "
"to quote a comrade: "
">unemployment is at an all time low right now in the us. and trump wants to withdrawal troops from syria. also trump also is working in denuclearization of the korean peninsula. pretty spectacular. "
"the dprk has supported national liberation movements throughout africa since its inception and anyone who tells you it's a heavily racist society has no fucking clue what they are speaking about and have clearly never actually spoken to a korean before. "
"north korea's kim jong-un and donald trump sign denuclearisation agreement in singapore"
"> also pre-revolutionary cuba was, in effect, an apartheid society. there was widespread segregation and discrimination. afro-cubans were restricted to the worst jobs, the worst housing, the worst education. they suffered from differential access to parks, restaurants and beaches. the revolution quickly started attacking racism at its roots, vowing to “straighten out what history has twisted.” in march 1959, just a couple of months after the capture of power, fidel discussed the complex problem of racism in several speeches at mass rallies. “in all fairness, i must say that it is not only the aristocracy who practise discrimination. there are very humble people who also discriminate. there are workers who hold the same prejudices as any wealthy person, and this is what is most absurd and sad … and should compel people to meditate on the problem. why do we not tackle this problem radically and with love, not in a spirit of division and hate? why not educate and destroy the prejudice of centuries, the prejudice handed down to us from such an odious institution as slavery?” the commitment to defeating racism has brought about tremendous gains in equality and racial integration. isaac saney writes: “it can be argued that cuba has done more than any other country to dismantle institutionalised racism and generate racial harmony.” of course, deeply ingrained prejudices and inequalities cannot be eliminated overnight, and problems remain, especially as a result of the ‘special period’ in which cuba has had to open itself up to tourism and some limited foreign investment. racism thrives on inequality. however, cuba remains a shining light in terms of its commitment to racial equality. assata shakur, the famous exiled black panther who has lived in cuba for several decades, puts it well: “revolution is a process, so i was not that shocked to find sexism had not totally disappeared in cuba, nor had racism, but that although they had not totally disappeared, the revolution was totally committed to struggling against racism and sexism in all their forms. that was and continues to be very important to me. it would be pure fantasy to think that all the ills, such as racism, classism or sexism, could be dealt with in 30 years. but what is realistic is that it is much easier and much more possible to struggle against those ills in a country which is dedicated to social justice and to eliminating injustice.” isaac saney cites a very moving and revealing anecdote recounted by an elderly black man in cuba: “i was travelling on a very crowded bus. at a bus stop, where many people got off, a black man got a seat. a middle aged woman said in a very loud and irritated voice: ‘and it had to be a black who gets the seat.’ the response of the people on the bus was incredible. people began to criticize the woman, telling her that a revolution was fought to get rid of those stupid ideas; that the black man should be viewed as having the same rights as she had – including a seat on a crowded bus. the discussion and criticism became loud and animated. the bus driver was asked to stop the bus because the people engaging in the criticism had decided that the woman expressing racist attitudes must get off the bus. for the rest of my trip, the people apologized to the black comrade and talked about where such racist attitudes come from and what must be done to get rid of them.”  "
"tbh such a situation gets compounded by the fact we have nuclear armed subs and icbm bases scattered through america . this will be a fucking nightmare considering we have a huge veteran population who has a long experience in insurgency campaigns dating back to vietnam. we have large amounts of easily available guns explosives and toxic compounds as well as body armor. we also have a large expendable male population . this all points towards a cluster fuck of epic proportions if hostilities are kicked off. "
"no one here is particularly concerned as to what an alt-right concern troll can or can't forgive "
"there is a reason why the black panther party praised the dprk, praised juche and even went as far as to to visit pyongyang. do you really think they would've done this if the dprk was 'heavily racist and ethnic-nationalist in its politics'? "
"red states goals will be destruction of blue states infrastructure and command systems they might try deploying wmds in urban areas in order to degrade blue states military capacity and production capabilities as well as demoralize the population. if they were to attack their first ones would be focused on naval installations in blue states to prevent blue states from being able to maintain an effective economic blockade. "
"nah just use vietnam era coin tactics and be done with it. here is how it works they declare war and launch an insurgency blue states secure coast line and start blockade much like last war . secondly knock out air assets and air defenses . second deploy anti crop bio weapons aka hoof and mouth diseases deploy anti agricultural chemical weapons color spectrums to destroy crops . next step will be harassing opposition forces with drone strikes . any major gatherings will be hit with a bomber strike. "
"i mean fuck, kathleen cleavers daughter was literally born in the dprk and kim il-sung’s wife gave her daughter her name: jojuyounghi, which basically means young heroine born in juche korea. "
"> many african nations have warm relations with the dprk, dating back to the period of the continent’s liberation struggles. u.s. officials are focusing particular attention on africa, and several nations are currently under investigation by the united nations for their trade with north korea. [24] the demand to cut relations with north korea is not an easy sell for washington, as africans remember the u.s. for having backed apartheid regimes, while the dprk had supported african liberation. “our world outlook was determined by who was on our side during the most crucial time of our struggle, and north korea was there for us,” says tuliameni kalomoh, an official in namibia’s ministry of foreign affairs. "
"dprk: "
"cuba: article detailing the history of racism, and how castro combat it through anti-discriminatory laws with overwhelming support, that is conveyed today:  "
