">cut unemployment to levels never seen... strongest monthly job growth since 1987 "
"giving up a massive market to china's influence while gaining absolutely nothing. "
"was that before or after the 'saddam is using them to build icbms!' thing? "
"all the trump directive does is peel this off from the usaf into its own new 6th branch of the armed forces, not unlike the usaf being established when it was peeled off from the us army air force. "
"mossadegh had sought to audit the documents of the anglo-iranian oil company (aioc), a british corporation (now part of bp) and to limit the company's control over iranian oil reserves. upon the refusal of the aioc to co-operate with the iranian government, the parliament (majlis) voted to nationalize iran's oil industry and to expel foreign corporate representatives from the country. after this vote, britain instigated a worldwide boycott of iranian oil to pressure iran economically. "
">signed bills on human trafficking "
"which definitely isn't a good thing. it needlessly sows division in the middle east, set back any chance of a peace deal, and ended up causing massive disruptions which ended with israel gunning down protesters. and for what? what did the u.s. get out of that action? "
"in 1968, libya became signatory of nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), ratified the treaty in 1975, and concluded a safeguards agreement in 1980. despite its commitment to npt, there are reports indicating that muammar gaddafi of libya either made unsuccessful attempts to build or entered in an agreement to purchase a nuclear weapon from nuclear-armed nations. in the 1970s–80s, gaddafi made numerous attempts to accelerate and push forward his ambitions for an active nuclear weapons program, using the nuclear black market sources. "
"*** "
"if getting into the orbit *isn't* the result desired, i dont really see the point of the system at all? unless you are only interested in launching icbms, achieving an orbit is pretty much a requirement for most space vehicles, satellites, etc. the market for suborbital flight, especially that which involves railguns (the acceleration of which would preclude living creatures being transported), is pretty tiny compared to the market for orbital+ flight. "
"there are no nuclear weapons in space. it is possible that some have been put there without civilian or foreign governments finding out about it, but that would likely fall pretty squarely in conspiracy theory land. the faa requires filed flight paths, payload inventories, and lots of other information. currently, all launches of satellites, astronauts, and supplies are done by private companies and foreign governments. we'd never trust a foreign government to launch a nuke into orbit for us. so, that leaves private companies. those companies would need to know the payload. you could lie to the faa, but you can't lie to the engineering team who makes the trajectory calculations. they need to know what the thing weighs, what shape it is, what the weight distribution is. that would be hard to hide. plus all the civilians who load the thing and work on it. you can't keep a secret from that many people for long. "
"this has just been poorly communicated. "
"i do also question your idea that a re-election is a foregone conclusion, he ran largely as an outsider, he will be rerunning as an insider, he will have to defend his record against his promises, and he will definitely not have built a wall and made mexico pay for it by 2020. "
"israel is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons, with an estimated arsenal of up to 400 warheads; which would make it the world's third biggest arsenal. its first deliverable nuclear weapon was allegedly created in december 1966; which would make it the sixth country in the world to have developed them. "
"congress has a hard time getting a supermajority, getting a 2/3rds majority in both houses and then getting 3/4ths of the states(38 states) to all agree to ratify this amendment is a huge undertaking. even if trump was so popular he won in a landslide he wouldn't be able to pull this off. "
"it might not be a terrible idea if it was designed to be reusable, and was powered from the ground somehow though, because you are offloading the energy weight to the ground. sort of a halfway space elevator... "
">ended catch and release for illegal aliens "
"might want to look back at a lot of those instances. most moves were  "
"however, israel has never officially denied nor admitted to having nuclear weapons, instead repeating over the years that it would not be the first country to 'introduce' nuclear weapons to the middle east. israel has also refused to sign the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt) despite international pressure to do so, saying that would be contrary to its national security interests. "
"thus, ensuring . "
