" 3. reaffirming the april 27, 2018 panmunjon declaration, the dprk commits to work towards *complete denuclearization* of the korean peninsula. "
"grade a candy-ass "
"china and canada's economic exploitation coming to an end. "
"the look on kim jong-un's face "
"ask them what it would take to realize how great trump is, because if denuclearization of north korea won't do it, then nothing will. "
"msnbc: trump agrees to denuclearization without knowing how many nukes he’s removing "
"it was a heritage foundation plan that was mathematically doomed. you cannot force insurance companies to cover preexisting conditions *and* cut costs. it was never going to happen. trying to fine people for not opting in was never going to work either. expanding medicaid only exacerbates the solvency issues with medicaid. allowing kids to stay on parents insurance until 25 was a decent measure, almost everything else sucked. "
"* tax cuts "
"it's real :) "
"here's the difference between the left and the right on gays... the right is saying 'you want to marry a dude? go ahead, that's your life. what you do in your private life is your business.' meanwhile, the left is saying 'if you don't have a gay history class and a gay parade and taxpayer funded gay butthole lasers, you're a homophobe!' seriously, they bashed trump as a homophobe for not openly celebrating, supporting, and putting government money into pride month/week/whatever. something something, left the g7 summit to go to the singapore summit to save the world with dennis rodman from nuclear winter and to finally close out the last remnants of the war. but yeah, butthole lasers, clearly more important. "
"ideally he should stay where he is. he proves time and again just how evil cnn is. "
"nk bends the knee. "
"the actual threat of removing the kim regime would be the regime's only incentive to actually work with us on denuclearization. for the final move we will give the kim regime a nice place to live out their days in exchange for denuclearization. the dprk pattern of creating a crisis to then get what they want will end with geotus -- he is calling their bluff -- give dprk small wins for now-- bilateral meeting with us, stop exercises, international prestige. the dprk's only play now is to generate a crisis. then watch geotus ' improve options to compel denuclearization of the peninsula.' "
"2005: north korea declares support for 'denuclearization' of korean peninsula "
"not saying this is not a great accomplishment.. but... "
"all of these doubters are either being intellectually dishonest in pretending to not understand what a “carrot” is in diplomacy, or they can’t escape their boxed-in conventional thinking and even try to understand trump’s style of diplomacy— a style which is uniquely his style and will be revered, studied and copied by others for decades to come. "
"south korea, japan and the usa will no longer have nuclear missiles and icbm's threatening tens of millions of people with annihilation from north korea. "
"umm what is this dude on about? president bush was part of the 6 party talks with north korea for 6 years of his presidency. bill clinton signed the agreed framework with nk in 1994. obama agreed to send food aide to nk in exchange for denuclearization (oops!!). every president has met with north korea before. they just gave them stuff before nk had their obligations (obama) or involved other countries that undermined negotiations. how did he get every sentiment exactly wrong? "
"something like 'the right of the people to keep, carry, bear, possess, sale, transfer, lend, or train in arms, including any weapons or ammunition issued to any law enforcement agent in the state in which the individual resides, or generally issued to or carried by infantry or any group of law enforcement personnel of the united states, shall not be licensed, taxed, registered, regulated, or otherwise infringed.' "
"and asked about 100% denuclearization right? "
