"*nothing goes over my head, my reflexes are too fast and i would catch it.* "
"president trump just negotiated denuclearization of the korean peninsula. you're a propagandized jackass. "
"> the reason great dealmakers do not openly celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side "
"this is quite an interesting opinion piece that reminds us of something that may be overlooked in the excitement and relief of the meeting between trump and kim jong-un "
"reread the first line of my reply. 'as much as i want denuclearization worldwide...' "
"he's not getting denuclearization from nk or anybody, he just got played into giving up our military exercises in sk for a few photos and kju inflating his ego a bit. "
"'major concessions'? noko committed to denuclearization, what did we commit to? if they don't keep this 'empty promise' what promises do we have to keep? "
"as much as i want denuclearization worldwide, right now i want trump to be shown as the huge easily-baited sucker he is to the entire world, so that from this point forward, he is openly laughed at by all other world leaders, and trolled accordingly. "
"i read the whole thing. i learned a lot. 9 months ago we were talking about nuclear war, yesterday the president and kim jong were shaking hands and smiling. communication just seems like a better option than not communicating and talks of nuclear war. nk has nuclear material, has detonated hydrogen bombs, and has launched plenty of delivery devices. south korea and japan both seem ecstatic that nk has agreed to something. yesterday there were videos of south koreans in tears and japan's prime minister shinzo abe said, 'there is great meaning in chairman kim's clearly confirming to president trump the complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula,'. "
"you're an idiot, blinded by propaganda. you'd rather see president trump fail than have the world actually achieve an end to conflict on the korean peninsula. "
"they agreed to complete denuclearization *of the korean peninsula*, which includes strategic us military bases. maybe brush up on ? pulling back on the korean peninsula reduces japan's security, which reduces the us's security. "
"north korea agrees to complete denuclearization. "
"ah, i see. so president trump defending a completed historic political deal against a mendacious media is the same as wantonly openly celebrating an unfinished deal. i imagine the rest of the subreddit is more of the same, taking years-apart statements out of context and juxtaposing them? "
"> sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake news nbc just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with north korea, and they have given up nothing. wow, we haven’t given up anything they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for world), site closure, no more testing! "
"their supporters will see these photos and assume progress was made without looking into it, even though the summit was mostly issues the two countries have discussed before. at least nk citizens have the excuse that they don't have a free press. "
". "
"look at the nk summit as an example. neither leader agreed to anything close to denuclearization, but they took lots of photos in front of flags! "
"pr games? tell me more about obamas early life. interesting the dennis rodman tried to get obama to deal with kim, and he refused to listen. not the right type of black guy? didn't donate enough to the clinton foundation, and appeared on donald trumps t.v. show? not a good look for obama right? obama chose the ferguson riots over ending war and denuclearization. better for his look. "
"if by some miraculous circumstance nk actually does denuclearize, then more power to him. i'm on humanity's side. "
