"ah, why am i even bothering, if you think this was a win for trump you are probably not able to even understand what i am talking about. "
"that escalated quickly "
"also, north korea didn't seem to have much of a choice, with their nuclear testing site supposedly having collapsed - so i wonder how much of this is truly good-willed. "
"> asked on wednesday if north korea had done anything toward denuclearization since the summit, u.s. defense secretary jim mattis told reporters: “no, i’m not aware of that ... obviously, it’s the very front end of a process. the detailed negotiations have not begun. i wouldn’t expect that at this point.” "
"he never had nuclear weapons. he had chemical weapons which he gave up, and a handful of failed rocket tests. the rocket tests were an attempt at creating an african space agency - which was propagandized for their potential as icbms or nuclear warheads. "
"* trump decreased the debt to gdp ratio in his first year, first time in more than 50 years. "
"as far as 'potential peace in the koreas', that is almost solely up to north and south korea to agree (or not). the usa can spoil it, but it can't magically make peace break out, only north and south can do that and they've already basically done it, without trump's involvement. "
"> at the second-ever inter-korean summit between then-president roh moo-hyun of south korea and late north korean leader kim jong il in 2007, an agreement called the october 4th joint declaration called for cooperation in the kaesong-sinuiju railway and kaesong-pyongyang road. the current leaders of the two countries, president moon and chairman kim, mentioned again in their panmunjom declaration that the two koreas will cooperate in carrying out the agreed terms of the october 4th declaration. "
"> close military cooperation between the two countries began when north korea sent some 530 troops - including pilots, tank drivers and missile personnel - to syria during the arab-israeli war in october 1973. "
"they’ve both agreed on complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula mean both dpkk (north korea) and the us will be getting rid of nukes. hopefully they’ve agreed upon random inspections. "
"china is set to overtake the us as the world's dominant power within the coming decades. as china embraces some capitalism and uses strong-arm tactics to become a technological power while modernizing the world's biggest armed forces, it falls on the us to reassure its allies in asia and around the world that international order will stand up to chinese hegemony. the us military in asia remains vital to that task. "
"and i think south korea and china and the us will help to make that happen, but everything will hinge on its success. i think it would still take some time for north korea to really make a significant turnaround. a couple decades or something like that, and if things don't workout the way kim was sold they would, there there might be problems. "
"north korea understands u.s. on 'complete denuclearization': pompeo "
"> umm wasn't this part of the whole denuclearization thing? "
"> lawmakers and academics from around the world can send nominations for the nobel peace prize. "
"not directly related but here's my take on north korea: "
"*asked recently how he planned to assess kim jong un's nuclear plans trump stated, '“just my touch, my feel. that’s what i do,” mr. trump said. “you know, the way they say you know if you’re going to like somebody in the first five seconds.'* "
"one would surmise that meetings between two nations would require planning. it appears nk was the one who was prepared and came away with something other than lip service. "
">kim just made it clear that the possibility of denuclearization includes the ending of sanctions. without, there is no further agreement. "
"cheers babe. "
