"2010: north korea again announces commitment to 'denuclearize' "
"north korea just got trump to cancel the joint military exercises we conduct annually with south korea—no doubt this reinforces his supreme leader status among his own people "
"“and a third possibility is that there is a complete chaos in the us government. they started a belligerent situation with iran. they turned around and looked to korea. then they started a trade war with china. so there are different forces within the us government that are pulling in the opposition direction and trump bounces like a jojo between one and the other cabinet advisers, totally unreliable on anything he says one day to the next,” the analyst noted.' "
"well, his campaign was , but the rest sure: "
"gardner then chimed in himself, appearing to back everett’s version of events: "
"> trump's move on military exercises reinforced concerns about his commitment to longstanding us alliances, particularly because he was offering a goal long sought by both pyongyang and beijing without consulting south korea or japan. "
"2012: north korea announces halt to nuclear program "
"remember the top demand of the north koreans was initially a removal of the us army posts in south korea, and the south koreans would happily agree with this. the troubles at the us bases were the biggest troubles at the dictatorship, and were even the biggest reason for the successful sk revolution, as police just shot into peaceful protesters demanding going after some us criminals attacking their girls. "
"2000: north korea signs historic agreement to reunify korea! nobel peace prize is awarded "
" * during trump's presidency,  three icbm tests, and its sixth nuclear test. former cia director john o. brennan said in october that he thought 'the prospects of military conflict in the korean peninsula are greater than they have been in several decades'. "
"north korea just got trump to cancel the joint military exercises we conduct annually with south korea—no doubt this reinforces his supreme leader status among his own people "
"trump doesn’t understand north korea’s manifesto, and if anyone thinks trump will have any impact on nuclear proliferation, they don’t either. "
"'coddling enemies, inflating the debt, tolerating widespread corruption and fanning despicable racial animus' this is literally a copy and paste of a summary of obama's presidency which they slobbered over for eight fucking years. it's so pathetic "
"edit: + 'need' "
"“the second is that his original overtures to north korea were public relations since he had been discredited for breaking the agreement with iran and had created these trade conflicts with europe and china. and he needed a win or a success for public opinion and he went through this charade of advancing peace with north korea. quickly he went back again once he came back to the us, and dealt with his ultra-neoconservative colleagues in the cabinet,” he stated. "
"pyongyang is not responding. odd. "
"yup obama’s couldn’t even do that with iran........instead obama gave them a billion dollars in cash....that’s success? go see a doctor you need help. "
"ron paul: singapore summit shows value of policy over poilitics | zero hedge "
"china adjusted itinerary of another state visit to accommodate kim jong-un "
"reinstating the sk industrial production site at the south of nk. "
