i'm sorry, are you suggesting there's a border wall separating afghanistan from pakistan? 
while democrats won't agree to give trump $5 billion for his border wall, the united states on tuesday pledged over $10 billion in aid to central america and mexico, according to . 
it's also *illegal* for the government to take this money(iirc). so it's literally going to end up being refunded, or going to give this guy a happy christmas. 
people are *desperate* to believe that the border wall will magically come, thanks to some random dude. 
im no republican but i gotta call you out on this one bro. the usa and israel have technology that can identify and map underground tunnels. furthermore a border wall would extend at least 15 foot underground so tunneling under would not even be an option. everything you said was pretty much non factual... 
useless wall? this sub has a post you can see that shows 65 countries have a border wall. nancy pelosi has a wall around her house. you are out of your mind if you believe s wall is useless. the argument that over stayed visas are the real problem with illegal immigration doesn't speak to the many people who fo walk across an unchecked border. drugs come across an unchecked border. you are wrong about democrats, they backed a border when it was obama that agreed it was a good idea. they are fighting trump, not the wall. go back to r/democrat. 
makes 0 sense. oh you didn't pay your border wall taxes? now were putting 75 illegal immigrants on your front yard. 
> we can't make mexico pay for the border wall if congress won't pass the damn bill. 
even if that happens mexico isn't going to pay for it. mexico isn't going to pay for shit unless it wants to. unless you can get the un to force them to pay for the wall (lol) the american people are going to pay for it one way or another. want to start a trade war with mexico to 'make them pay for it'? guess what, all those tarrifs are just going to be passed onto the consumer and every small business that does business in mexico when they inevitably retaliate. 
it was a stupid promise but he's too full of himself to own up to it. it *might* have stood a chance of being built if trump didn't say that. 
did you say 3 chambers? you know the legislative and executive branch are different right. 
since your civics teacher failed you i will help you out, any funding bill like this requires 60 votes in the senate. he wants 3.5 billion more for the wall i think the american people will come to the conclusion that both sides are being ridiculous as is what usually happens in government shutdowns. 
i hear a lot about border security and illegal immigration being an over stayed visa issue. why don't we push for new legislation to address this along with the border wall. hit them from all fronts and keep our legal immigration successful for everyone? 
genuinely curious since i never really looked into gofundme at all, only heard about it through multiple reddit stories. 
how is brian kolfage obligated to ensure this money goes 100% to the border wall? what does gofundme do / provide from a services standpoint to ensure the fund allocations are correct and policies adhered to? 
11 million is a lot of money. 
how is today any different from any other holiday weekend? obama had to go out of his way to make people feel a government shutdown. no one really notices. the government would have been shut down until thursday anyway. 
>yeah you're not fooling me that easily. you were not on my side and you are the one gaslighting me (poorly). 
lmao, take it down a notch buddy. you aren't as clever as you think you are. i'm pro-immigration, very against the border wall, and i disagreed with most of u/wolfermen's points. but unfortunately you were incapable of making an argument without blatantly twisting his words to fit your own purpose. 
but sure, keep telling yourself what you want to hear. look at the vote counts on your comments and his comments, they speak for themselves. 
we just had one. maybe you heard? republicans lost fewer seats in the house than clinton or obama. and they **gained** seats in the senate. 
and i'm so sick of hearing about this mexico paying for the border wall shit. we can't make mexico pay for the border wall if congress won't pass the damn bill. who do you think trump is? obama with his phone and his pen? 
if we had a border wall, secured the border, fixed the interpretation of the 14th that allows for anchor babies, enforced laws regarding employing and giving welfare to illegal aliens, and denied them taxpayer-funded services, they would stop coming. 
that's right. trump's new trade deal has created or saved more than the cost of the border wall. great point! 
how can voters make it more clear to gop reps that they need to stop being so cowardly? 
 8 years of controlling the house, 2 years of controlling the legislative and executive branch, yet planned parenthood is still being funded and the border wall isnt. i feel like the voters are just as responsible as the representatives who are to concerned with reelection than actually taking action. 
border security president trump vs pelosi, schumer at explosive press briefing border wall budget 
israeli mayor: border wall with egypt eliminated illegal immigration in 2 years 
with all the recent news about the border wall, curious on your thoughts about this short (but somewhat entertaining and informative) video on the topic 
with the border wall in the news, how do you all feel about this short (but somewhat informative) video 
ted cruz says trump 'won't capitulate' over $5b demand, enough for 215 miles of border wall — half of it replacement | politics 
ronald reagan did want a border wall. here is the evidence that fake news maliciously left out. 
conservatives are slamming trump for surrendering to the democrats on border wall funding 
triple-amputee air force veteran on mission to raise $1b for us-mexico border wall. 
gop senators introduce bill to give trump $25 billion for border wall 
the reasons behind why the bundys don't support a border wall and actually support immigration - the u.s.'s moral debts. 
republican congressman calls on trump to use own funds for border wall 
daily reminder: 65 countries have border walls and so does nancy pelosi's backyard 
gop takes victory lap around pelosi after passing border wall bill 
gofundme for trumps border wall
