"thats like all there is to it. "
"it's a messy process. the republicans nuked supreme court nominations when they delayed garland's confirmation for over a year so that they could get gorsuch on the bench. they have no moral high ground when it comes to political games. add to that the fact that a large number of documents related to kavanaugh's time in the bush administration were kept out of the public record and therefore not subject to comment by the democrats (or anyone) on the committee. so like i said, no moral high ground. "
">call me cynical, but i don't think the democrats are really interested in protecting women. i think they would have despised and voted against kavanaugh no matter what. "
"abolish the senate, abolish the supreme court. "
"i don’t wanna see a court room soaked in blood. i don’t wanna see kavanaugh on the court "
"i'm sure the democrats don't want to have a second trump-appointed sc justice. however, they didn't stop gorsuch from getting confirmed and they aren't known for being a party of hardball political brinksmanship and dirty tricks: that would be the republicans. "
"personally, i doubt it. now it's possible that the leak of ford's letter was politically motivated (it's kind of hard to separate political motivation from just not wanting a rapist on the sc), but even if that were true, that the leaker was entirely politically motivated, what does that have to do with ford's claims, or the fact that she reached out to her congresswoman before kavanaugh was the nominee? "
"george w. bush is whipping votes for brett kavanaugh "
"it's not really 'the justice system' per se. this was an advisory committee for nominations to the supreme court. even if the majority of senators had found ford's testimony sufficient to withhold kavanaugh's confirmation, there would have been no criminal penalties applied. "
"meanwhile, ford is about as credible a witness as one is likely to find, and kavanaugh's unhinged rambling comes off as guilty af. that may not be enough to convict him at trial, but it should be plenty to deny him on lifetime seat on the supreme court. "
"brett kavanaugh and the cruelty of male bonding "
"having watched the hearing, i went from 'i'm curious what he has to say' to 'he's definitely lying and hiding something' "
"republicans have got this nice little con going where they're trying to save face by saying they believe ford... "
"'the allegations against judge kavanaugh are consistent with what sociologists know about sexual violence: it’s common, rooted in male bonding, and situational.'|a sociological take on the kavanaugh hearing "
"my ideals are hitting the real world and stumbling instead of running, is all. i would much prefer a world where justice happened because it was supposed to, not because the limelight exceeded privilege enough to bust an oligarch. i will settle for what we’re getting. "
"3. more generally, the broader world political situation is the context in which we're going to have to push for change. even when it *is* kabuki theater (and while some effects are very real, there's obviously a lot of theater to this, too), we need to pay attention to it and think about how it relates to our beliefs, because that's what most people in the country are going to hear. i mean, i don't begrudge anyone who's just 'fuck all that' and disconnecting from it, but i think it's advantageous to know what most people in this country are seeing and what's currently getting them moving. the emotional and cultural buttons the elites push to mobilize people for those disputes have actual meaning and impact, too, in a way that provides insight into both our plutocracy and our broader culture in a way that's useful and interesting to anarchists. 'look how the elites mobilize in defense of patriarchy' or 'look how the elites use patriarchy to mobilize people in support of their own power' are interesting observations, even if this is just one example of something we're all probably very familiar with. "
"i'm genuinely surprised that they are now going ahead with the investigation, maybe because there are limitations to it - the word limited was used repeatedly after all, and maybe they're strategising ways of preventing the evidence from being presented? i just don't know. i only know that they're not interested in the facts and want to push kavanaugh through whatever the cause. "
"'jail juvenile offenders until middle age', trump health secretary argued in 1991 memo: alex azar rejected notion that juvenile who committed a crime was ‘salvageable human’ | azar was a hardline proponent of mass incarceration as well as a colleague of embattled supreme court nominee kavanaugh. "
"i also suspect he was trying to make it sound like he wasn't a heavy drinker—i.e. someone who drinks a lot of liquor. just a family friendly brewski, bro! "
"some info on kavanaugh's foreign policy decisions, including his legitimization of cia torture and execution from iraq to guatemala, and ruling that federal courts can ignore international law "
