"of course they don't want to do this. they want someone who will follow their party line, even if that person taints the credibility of the supreme court for years to come. "
"well the republican members of the senate and kavanaugh himself basically threatened the democrats with exactly that, so i guess i have to concede as much. "
">guilty, but they're all partisan shitpuppets, democrats included. "
"is she too stupid to understand the difference? this lady sounds like an airhead. "
"> kavanaugh seems deathly allergic to even the idea of an fbi investigation. "
"you’re being overly dramatic. "
"> judge wrote the book 'wasted: tales of a gen x drunk,' where he details his experiences of extensive drinking while attending georgetown preparatory school. "
"a supreme court nominee that is deathly scared of an fbi nomination is somebody who has something to hide. the allegations against him grow more credible by the day, and his angry and entitled responses weakens his flimsy denials by the day (as if his family's lives have been ruined when the women coming forward have had death threats levelled against themselves and their families). "
"no problem: right at the end of this clip she is asked about her therapist recording 4 boys rather than 2 - she says her therapist 'got it wrong' (gee, another mistake?) she only told her husband and other friends after her supposed 'regressive memory therapy' of 2012: "
"> kavanaugh has awful views on everything "
"kavanaugh isn't opposed to an fbi investigation. he's been through them 6 times already. he's not going to resist. "
"the coverage is calling in support of ford for her courage to speak out, and probably comes with the change of cultural tides to support all survivors of abuse. an accusation does not mean guilt, but it does mean a serious review of the evidence available of the incident (testimony and other investigative procedures), which is what's happening now with kavanaugh (the scotus nominee). "
"after all these hearing, i think kavanaugh is more of a alcoholic than a sexual predator. "
"> no doubt anybody running for political office receives them from wingnuts. quite the difference from rape victims "
"> if you have this go to the police, i'm not sure how this is hard to understand. "
"why not both? "
"as of yet, there are no such people. "
"we have the fact that the women coming forward have evidence that they described these incidents long before kavanaugh was even a consideration for nominee. "
"what does it matter if it's televised, the fact of the matter is that this women underwent a polygraph and also testified under oath. her allegations are credible. "
"and kavanaugh's friend said the : 'i never saw brett act in the manner dr. ford describes'. "
