"but that isn’t what’s being done. we should want to root out all men, on either political side, who have crossed the boundaries of human dignity. "
"i'm not impressed by kavanaugh, but mainly because he's a boring system man, a cog in a vast and generally evil machine. i certainly don't think he gang raped anyone, he's too much of a dork to get into real trouble. "
"> my positions are just orthodox catholic social positions. which kavanaugh agrees with. "
"if those things are true, we absolutely can live in that world, and it would be my preference to do so. "
"see, i have a theory about secular progressives and the abortion issue. on many issues, they are able to mentally cast themselves as 'the good guys' on a whole host of issues: 'helping the poor and disadvantaged,' 'welcoming immigrants and refugees,' 'leveling the playing field,' and 'opposing racism and discrimination.' this, of course, is on a purely facile level of each issue, but that's where many people operate. at the same time, it's easy for them to paint their opponents (again, in their own mind) as 'those evil bad guys.' "
"that's what i'm most worried about. "
"oh, i'm sorry, i thought you were catholic. you wanted someone who would strike down any reasonable restrictions on abortion? nah, i'll take kavanaugh then. but barrett? hey, a guy can dream. "
"not to mention consistently elevate people with horrific personal records and continues to defend them when they're outed. rob porter, roy moore, brett kavanaugh, and more. "
"look, if she had said that yes i was at the party, my friend was, and kavanaugh was. that would have been one thing. and if she had said she saw her friend go upstairs and brett wasn't around either, okay, that's enough evidence for me. "
"attested to behavior is not tantamount to him raping. "
"of course i don’t begrudge a man for defending himself. but he had all week to prepare for this hearing, to compose himself, to prepare a way to present his defense with dignity. in light of that, it seems to me that flew off the handle today because it *served his purposes* to do so. "
" \- all but 2 republicans supported the measure, and all but 3 democrats voted *against* it. note: if even 1 out of 5 democrats had supported this measure, it would have become law. note 2: in even the most secular european countries, abortion is severely limited after *12 weeks* gestation! this is unconscionable on the part of democrats. "
"how are these parallel? viganò is viganò. he cited dated memos and named eyewitnesses to a story that is consistent with what is known from other sources. swetnick has no evidence that she knew either man. her graduation from a public high school in 1980 puts her a bit off in time and place, and no one has been found in kavanaugh's social circle who remembers her. the only verifiable details in her statement, such as that brett kavanaugh was friends with mark judge and they went to beach week, had conveniently already been published in other sources. she alleges that she went to many parties where she saw girls drugged and raped in 1981, did nothing but decide to avoid the punch for fear of being raped, continued going to the parties, was raped in 1982, and continued going to the rape parties in 1983, a story which in itself is difficult to believe. she has named no witnesses. she will apparently testify of none of this to the judiciary committee except that she saw kavanaugh drinking excessively. lots of people would have to know about it, yet none of this came up in kavanaugh's six fbi background checks, nor when larry flynt offered a million dollars for proof that the republicans impeaching clinton were hypocrites. "
"you just did something that kavanagh didn't. you admitted to your prior actions. kavanaugh lied about them. "
"the democratic party of america is currently an enemy of the catholic church. socialists and communists always have been. globalists are their new breed. they disguise themselves under pseudo-moderate labels such as “equality”, “multiculturalism”, “inclusiveness”, “environmentalism”, “empowerment”, but they are radicals who hate the catholic church and everything that it represents. plus, they don't really care about the truth nor the doing good to other people. they only care about advancing their own cause. they only care about power. "
"again, this is pretty standard gaslighting. you are correct that it served his purposes - that purpose was literally to defend himself against spurious and unverifiable allegations levied against him for base political purposes. "
"the people calling evil good and good evil, the people discrediting donald trump and all conservative leaders around the world, the people disgracing kavanaugh and the people attacking the church are one and the same: they are liberals (as americans call them) or simply globalists (as i prefer to call them) of different flavors, some more radical than others. "
"i *would* suggest the people asking him the questions do so more competently. "
"if it is true about kavanaugh, i don’t think he deserves public office. a fair investigation should be made to the extent that is able. "
"if nothing else he fits the trope for his allegations. "
