"> has she even given enough details about the party for him to know what party she’s talking about? "
"at no point did republicans attack garland as a man, we just don’t want activists on the court, because judges should read the law as written, or find other work. democrats can’t help *but* to base their political arguments around racist/sexist/bigot/rapist/etc instead of policy. everyone in the gop is being attacked as personally flawed these days rather than on the issues. "
"i would have lost my shit if kavanaugh made a spartacus reference when booker was grandstanding about how upset he is that kavanaugh would call this a political witch hunt. "
"and if we let it, it may just freaking work. i hope to god that the gop stay strong and call it out for what it is. "
"avenatti's claim: complete smokescreen and a play on words. hes not claiming to represent a women who was 'gang raped' or anything like that, he is claiming to represent one that has 'credible information ' this followed by his tweet stating she works in government makes me suspect its a democrat that has a letter sent in or some other stupid shit, could be wrong but that allows him to use this abnormally damning headline without risk to himself, its also why they are waiting 48 hours to 'reveal' it, he wants to keep it in the headline for as long as possible without showing everyone is complete bullshit, theyre using public pressure to try and delay the hearing. "
"dems have been calling for the investigation that finally a republican called for, for weeks. if kavanaugh is innocent, the investigation would be done and he’d be a supreme court judge by now if they immediately ordered an investigation! it wasnt until after a fucking vote that a republican called for an investigation. after the bar association called for investigation, after large public outcry. you know the sexual assualt hotline has been 201% more active since ford spoke to the senate? this lunacy clearly has affected so many people so negatively. "
"i also don’t think there’s any credible evidence she has offered other than 2012 notes from a therapy session that did not name kavanaugh and that she has contradicted. twice. "
"kavanaugh cannot fall back into repetition of talking points. i know that is the safest strategy, and if you're innocent, what more can you say except consistent denials? "
"in no way are the democratic senators completely not at fault here, but does it not seem problematic to you that graham basically just lambasted those senators and then praised kavanaugh's character to clear his name despite not actually knowing what happened that night? he essentially pitched a dramatic fit about how much he hates the dem senators' motives without even giving a sliver of merit to ford's allegations "
"hmm... so there's personal animus on the part of ford towards kavanaugh, not to mention against the trump administration in general. "
"“kavanaugh’s pathetic display yesterday.” "
"recommending a delay in the vote isn't any indiciation that the aba is having second thoughts about their glowing statements about kavanaugh, but it does indicate there may be non-partisan support for an fbi investigation. "
"all the facts about the rape accusations against brett kavanaugh "
"if you haven't seen it, watch lindsey graham's questioning of kavanaugh. he did a great job. "
"breaking: gop senators reportedly told to expect a kavanaugh confirmation vote this weekend "
"ellison might be investigated, but it won't be done in a way that might hurt his chances of getting the position while kavanaugh will only be investigated if it might hurt him from getting the position or keeping it. you notice how this only applies to him being on the supreme court and not his current job in the federal courts. that's the difference and why it's making a lot of people angry. "
"not to mention that stupid af. 'you've been doing this too much' wait ten minutes. "
"> what will kagan, sotomayor and rbg do when he is seated? "
"republicans are only allowing ford and kavanaugh as witnesses because they know he is guilty. "
"chaos! protests break out at kavanaugh hearing -- judge kavanaugh not even sworn in after first half hour (video) "
