"when did i say anything about kavanaugh being radical? don't put words in my mouth to try and argue your way in to righteousness. "
"if she really beilieves the things she said then there should be nothing to consider. a no vote is the only choice. "
"‘this is more than likely true’: fmr fed prosecutor backs julie swetnick’s kavanaugh claims "
"then they lose the lever. watch. kavanaugh will go down in flames. it’s all scripted. "
"there is no other way around this. republicans are 100% morally depraved will absolutely confirm kavanaugh. the fascist right has become a bastion for corruption. they will drive home their anti consumer pro corporate and anti american agenda. they will stand on the necks of the working class to fill their super pacs with cash. citizens united and an apathetic population has been and will continue to be the downfall of every brilliant idea our founders fought and died for. dark money has done a brilliant job. "
"let's break down the shocking moment jeff flake delayed the brett kavanaugh nomination: this was wild. "
"so to see someone who is clearly academically gifted, but so callous and selfish that he would use that precious real estate to demean a woman as easy, and brag about his debauchery, says a lot about his character and how he was raised. "
"brett kavanaugh has no credibility, and senate republicans do not care "
"'they both laughed as kavanaugh tried to disrobe me': full letter christine ford sent to sen. feinstein detailing her assault at the hands of the nominee to the supreme court and his friend is revealed "
"at this point, i really just want the right to be honest, and come out and say they don't actually care if their guys are rapists or kid-diddlers or murderers or money-launderers or what-have-you. "
"right-wingers rush to the defense of brett kavanaugh in wake of sexual assault allegation "
"in the kavanaugh hearing, republican rage overrides the desire to seek the truth: republicans don’t care what the science says about climate change. they don’t care about the possibility kavanaugh may be guilty of sexual assault. all that matters is sticking it to the “libtards.” "
"the brett kavanaugh vote should be delayed "
"avenatti is extremely effective and always on the offensive, never backpedaling on defense. "
"the thing is, no one has a right to the supreme court. even the appearance of bad character is enough to usually disqualify you. in fact, most the candidates for the supreme court are ruled out, not for any proof that they are guilty of anything improper, just the appearance of improper character. that is just how the real world of politics work. private business often has to make the same judgements to ensure effective leadership. "
"the kavanaugh nomination must be paused. and he must recuse himself. "
"if the fbi was told they could investigate the new accusations they could unearth the true story with statements under oath. by cross-referencing of statements, no one would be safe if they lied. people tend to tell the whole truth to the fbi or face federal charges. can you imagine if all kavanaugh's drunken buddies tried to lie, all with different stories? jail, jail, jail. "
"democrats going to court this week over kavanaugh documents "
"kamala takes break from murdering brett kavanaugh to murder facebook, twitter execs "
"> looking back, kavanaugh wrote in his 2009 article, “the nation certainly would have been better off if president clinton could have focused on osama bin laden without being distracted by the paula jones sexual harassment case and its criminal investigation offshoots.” "
