"we know kavanaugh drank heavily at these parties. his drinking buddies have attested to that much. under these conditions, kavanaugh was no doubt a blackout drinker and remembers nothing. and/or kavanaugh was a drunken bastard, a mean drunk "
"people who drink are **fucking garbage**, kavanaugh needs to go. "
"american women are watching the kavanaugh controversy very closely "
"the tweet didn't read like he made some sort of threat. i thought he was making an observation about whether maine-ites (mainers? maineists? maineans?) would vote against her if she didn't vote against kavanaugh. "
"senate democrats investigate a new allegation of sexual misconduct, from the supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh’s college years, by his yale classmate deborah ramirez "
"gorsuch was not replacing a swing vote, though. there is a fundamental difference. with kavanaugh, there are people who will go to extremes to derail his nomination, out of fear of his potential decisions on abortion, gay marriage, and other things. "
"an honest man has nothing to fear. clearly, kavanaugh has many fears. "
"during this president’s term there could be several scotus seats opening. trump is not only appointing “conservative” judges which can be expected, but what is blatantly conservative, partisan, judges. exactly the partisan qualities that need to be avoided for a scotus nominee. the kind of character that kavanaugh has made evident...he is appointing judges that will protect him and block democrats and play “political police” and unlike trump or any congressmen, these “republican” judges will sit on and control the scotus bench for decades. "
"lindsey graham embodies republicans’ desperation to save kavanaugh. "
"a well-written, public document showing all the evidence about kavanaugh would help. the gop is going to keep saying there is no evidence, or no corroborating evidence. we can disprove that. "
"julie swetnick, another brave women who stands up for herself and all women. "
"kavanaugh was asked if he ever drank so much that he passed out or blacked out. he said no. i believe that the reference in his year book about 'boofing' created a loophole where he technically did not 'drink' alcohol, but he would have been under the influence and possibly blacked out. "
"does brett kavanaugh agree with bush v. gore? if he does, he can’t be trusted to distinguish between partisan demand and legal principle. "
"conservative columnist has perfect solution for kavanaugh accuser to avoid gop bullying and state her case -- go on national tv with your own interview, with your own experts, and bypass the senate committee inquisition. "
"with a couple hours internet search most voters could find all the evidence they need to ask their senators to vote against him unless their representative is voting party over country. "
"mass protests hit gop senators as anti-kavanaugh activists target jeff flake and susan collins "
"a brilliant idea if kavanaugh gets confirmed. "
"graham said to kavanaugh 'you have nothing to apologize for'. what laughable theater this shit has become; he's become trumps bitch. total sell-out and fucking shit heel of a human being. he's sunk to ted cruz levels of total shitbaggery. "
"50 years later, in front of christine blasey ford’s house, palo alto mayor finally shares her #metoo moment "
"now kavanaugh, a man having to face women from his past and explain - oh the horror! "
