"the women sent the letter to grassley and feinstein. did you really think kavanaugh was carrying around a letter waiting to whip it out when accused of harassment? you silly people. "
"the lead: 'the publicity-hungry attorney is making an explosive charge that brett kavanaugh is a serial rapist' "
"if all these senators are already convinced he is guilty, it makes no sense to put that poor woman through all of this. i'm sure they have way more info than we do. "
"her only witnesses testified against her... under penalty of perjury. ( "
"it is possible, but it's incredibly difficult. that's the problem with sexual assault allegations. the only thing we can responsibly do is acknowledge the difficulty in speaking out about these issues and treat allegations as credible. "
"of course, even mitch mcconnell knew going in that kavanaugh had a checkered past. had trump nominated a stronger candidate - a gorsuch clone with more vetting, more experience, and a longer bench record - this could have been avoided. "
"that's funny. my goal posts remains cemented in, the same in every case. all i need is evidence...even just one witness who could corroborate ford's story and provide when, where, who, and what and i would stand with ford. but your team...the goal post changes depending on what the political leaning is of the person you're attacking. if their blue, then we need evidence. if they're red, then allegations are good enough. "
"we have a like 2012 polygraph test, along with discussed noted by her doctor. or are these no longer evidence because.... she's a woman? "
"your voting rights should be rescinded, that's how utterly idiotic you are. "
"that being said there are plenty of reasons to doubt her story: "
"you have posted 19 times in the last day on the libertarian subreddit. "
"the notes do not. her husband has sworn out a statement that says she mentioned him by name. the therapist did not see the specific name as germane to her therapy, and didn't note it. "
"in my and most peoples opinions' - the allegations raised against judge kavanaugh are serious and merit further review. "
"you just invoked blackstone and then you completely dismiss that some people caught in the terrorism dragnet were innocent and subjected to these policies. i only wonder when you will consider citizens to also be 'acceptable losses' in the mission of serving government. "
"now add in the fact that kavanaugh and his youth peers were wealthy and at an elite all-boys prep school, and we know for a fact that the accusations about kavanaugh's drinking problems were true. i simply don't understand how you can look at all of that and come to conclusion that 'nope, seems ridiculous, i need to see proof, otherwise i see no problem with this guy taking one of the most important jobs in the entire country.'. as it's been said elsewhere, this doesn't even necessarily need to be about 'proof' to convict of a crime (although it seems like we're getting closer to that), this is purely about whether all of these recent revelations seem plausible enough to maybe not be so trigger-happy on his scotus confirmation. "
"the goal should be getting the best guy for the job. the process needs to be something that examines his legal mind based on facts. both parties are trotting out tons of political hacks for the gig because this has become a political process, not one of merit. with that reality in mind, dems have lost tons of credibility here, which they need to balance the scales back in their favor. this is only going to further hurt them. but if they had, instead, chose to stand above the fray, they probably still would've have lost the battle, but would've won the war. "
"one of those results in someone innocent being wrongfully denied something they deserve, by all accounts. the other sets a horribly dangerous precedent and functionally nullifies the very processes we use to select scotus picks. "
"that all the people alleged to have been at the party by her deny it happened or being there. under penalty of felony. "
"i don’t think the two cases are all that similar tbh "
"no, that's not what i meant at all. i was a teenager at the same time as dr. ford and judge kavanaugh. it was common to believe that girls who were sexually assaulted had done something to cause it. i myself watched my driver's ed teacher grooming the cute girls while the rest of us glowered and took quizzes they didn't have to take because they were on his lap laughing with him. they got private practice time. i suppose i don't really know what was going on but c'mon. that's what was going on. he was an oily disgusting creep preying on those girls. and the rest of us thought they were the instigators. "
