"kavanaugh can't be guilty of perjury because he never testified under oath regarding these accusations. the accusations came to light after the hearings were over. "
"i've told you a couple of times--i don't believe judge kavanaugh lied. how can i answer you more clearly? i think your viewpoint of his testimony about the yearbook is wrong. i think he's truthful under oath. how can i say it differently? if you come back like this again, i'll have to block you. i have answered your questions. "
"one had to spend a week with her lawyer to decide that it was kavanaugh. when she called classmates she told them she wasnt sure. "
"- the gop would’ve in most other contexts preferred to provoke the democrats and drag out the nomination to use it as leverage for driving their own base to the polls. "
"convict? what is kavanaugh being *convicted* of here, exactly? "
"> we don't even know if there is evidence yet. "
"also, an article published today in vox:  "
"> really? "
"yes. i would be satisfied if the fbi followed up on these additional allegations and asked for statements related to it from people associated at the time for each individual incident. i would accept this statement and if it was found to have no additional evidence or a pattern of behavior, then i would, of course, accept that. "
"* you heard the democrats trying to shape this narrative in the media last night and you've uncritically adopted it as your position. "
"> you can’t determine there is no evidence until you investigate. "
"*** "
"> they've already delayed the vote once for her. right "
">but they have the right to slow his confirmation for whatever reason they can come up with, using whatever tools they have. "
"1. she's at palo alto university and a researcher at stanford school of medicine. "
"this seems to me to be so wildly outside reality. you’re only considering how democrats will, and are, characterizing both of them. you’re ignoring the other side...that kavanaugh is considered a martyr and great man and ford has been and will get death threats for a long time to come. her life as she’s known it will be over maybe for years to come, especially if kavanaugh is not out on the court. "
"but the real killer for him is that he now claims he never drank to excess... but lots of people have come forward to say that he did do so, at about that age and since. here’s a small sample: "
"here's a good quote from politico: "
"you say 'no way' and that's bullshit. cops solve cold cases all the time. if it happened, maybe one of the other two people who were in the house (remember, 4 guys, 2 of them allegedly took ford upstairs) remembers. maybe someone kavanaugh or judge knew heard about the party after the fact and they can say when and where it was, who hosted. saying it's impossible before trying is dumb. you don't want it investigated. i do. if it turns out she's lying then let's see if we can prove that. if it turns out kavanaugh is, let's see if we can prove that. if it's unverifiable, let's make that determination after a bunch of investigative experts have a go. i do have a problem with a president accused of sexual harassment nominating a man accused of attempted sexual assault.to the highest court in the land. aren't there more conservative textualists they could nominate? why is this the sword republicans want to fall on? "
"if it were a trial, that would be true. in this case, the only thing that matters is whether a handful of senators decide to vote against kavanaugh either because they believe ford, their constituents demand it, or they don’t want to take a chance of confirming an attempted rapist. "
