"see my above example on reagan and iran-contra. "
"> ford: i guess we could take those one at a time. leland has significant health challenges, and i’m happy that she’s focusing on herself and getting the health treatment that she needs, and she let me know that she needed her lawyer to take care of this for her, and she texted me right afterward with an apology and good wishes, and et cetera, so i’m glad that she’s taking care of herself. "
"we appreciate your participation in the sub, but we did not approve this submission, because it doesn't conform to our  "
"later in the article: "
"not quite. it's not unheard of for past presidents to invoke it . from all accounts i've seen, trump is doing it on bush 43's behalf. "
"because judiciary dems are not likely to leak the information, and judiciary republicans *certainly* aren't. "
">'i don't feel like we're prepared yet,' sessions told politico. 'it's becoming more clear that this is not an easy thing to get ready this quick.' "
"while that's one way to look at it, kavanaugh himself said at his hearing that it's a stance that changed after he worked in the white house and had a better understanding of the presidency. it's also worth noting that his statement about deferring crimes of the president was made during president obama's tenure. "
"2. president bush had encouraged the lawyer in charge of compiling the documents to err on the side of transparency and disclosure, however, the trump administration had requested that some documents not be released because of executive privilege. the lawyer also wrote that the documents “reflect deliberations and candid advice concerning the selection and nomination of judicial candidates, the confidentiality of which is critical to any president’s ability to carry out this core constitutional executive function.”  "
"2.  "
"to begin, nothing i am going to say is in anyway an endorsement of harassment. "
"it appears that democrats specifically are looking for how kavanaugh has acted in the past to give any indication for how he's going to act if confirmed to the supreme court. for example, documents revealed that kavanaugh wrote that sitting president's shouldn't be investigated: "
" > but in the memo, he was unrelenting. "
"> ford testified that in the spring and summer of 1982 she was going out with kavanaugh’s friend nicknamed “squi,” who appears more than a dozen times on kavanaugh’s calendar of social events. "
"just as a point of fact, judge kavanaugh was not  "
"- "
">> to whitehouse: “we in essence were having a party and didn’t pay attention to the game even though the game was the excuse we had for getting together.” "
"> he's lied under oath "
"kavanaugh was on the shortlist when neil gorsuch was appointed in fact he was known as a potential pick since  predicted kavanaugh’s appointment in the week leading up to the announcement so it’s not fair to say democrats just did the research in under 30 minutes given that it was known that he was highly likely to be appointed. "
"still 30 years after the alleged incident. if she wanted justice she should have gone to the police. she wanted political change but american democracy has proved to be stronger than that. "
