"> you are never going to have hard evidence for something that happened so long ago. "
"* independent corroboration of ramirez's story by a classmate, from the new yorker article "
"> that has all the same weight as alleging that kavanaugh eats babies, but there's no evidedence because he ate it. in 1982 maybe. "
"this story is full of vagaries and innuendo. "
"edited to add: to address your main point more directly, i do think that trump is far enough away from the mainstream, in temperament if not in actual policy, that he does have a lot more trouble gaining cooperation from the bureaucratic class that makes up the day-to-day federal government. the career bureaucrats don't like him, partially i suspect because he belittles their experience when compared to his own industrial/commercial business background. and i think he really does experience a lot more resistance to his policies from within his own executive branch than other presidents did. thanks to russiagate hanging over his entire presidency, there has been a feeling that his stay in the white house may be cut short. i think that keeps a lot of dc careerists from really accepting direction from him. since so much of this goes on behind the scenes, and since there's not, to my knowledge, any publicly available baseline of how much resistance a president might usually expect from his own branch, my judgment of this issue is necessarily subjective. "
"i can say the same thing about kavanaugh and have your level of 'credibility'. "
"> if i was innocent and someone did this to me i would stop at nothing to ruin them. "
"if you support kavanaugh and you think he is innocent than you should support this, it's the only way he can repair his reputation. let the fbi take a week or two and do their investigation. if the fbi is restricted from following leads they would normally pursue it will look like a cover up and continue to hang over kavanaugh for the rest of his career. "
"> and suddenly it's being taken as gospel. "
"3) i think ultimately what is being described here is incredibly inconsequential. vastly worse things have happened to far more people, myself included, including experiencing both physical and sexual violence. like i said in another post, are we going to dig up someone that kavanaugh got in a fight with and punched in high school, and say that he's clearly a violent, deranged psychopath? or would someone describing a schoolyard brawl to try to destroy a supreme court nominee sound really fucking petty? where does 'physical violence' scale compared to 'i was held on a bed for a few seconds'? is it better or worse? "
"all i'm saying is to let the investigation happen. we're both making assumptions. neither of us know any of the details. neither of us were there. i wasn't even alive when this happened, so what do i know? i'm just saying investigate and present the details and let's move on. why not just do that? it's similar to trump's nonstop 'witch hunt' crying. like just stop whining and gaslighting. if you have nothing to hide, then who cares? open the doors and let the investigation commence and laugh at the accusers when they're proven wrong and move on. "
"and finally, it was added as an additional definition post hoc. if you were asked by a professor on an exam what the definition of aminoglycoside was, wrote something down, but then had a buddy of yours post your definition of aminoglycoside on wikipedia after the exam, what would be the reaction of the professor? would it be, oh, that's interesting and not at all weird that /u/escenze's friend added an additional definition to the wikipedia page of aminoglycoside that no one else has ever heard of except for him and /u/escenze, or would it be, wtf is /u/escenze trying to pull here? "
"it also says she requested to speak first but doesn't have any info on why. "
"at this rate, it might be the best for the republicans to drop kavanaugh and try to push a new nominee as soon as possible. regardless of whether these mounting claims are true, julie swetnick will definitely have to testify after christine blasey ford and the likely investigation will impede the process even longer. if the republicans want to safely get a nominee confirmed by the senate before the midterms, they can either push for a vote for kavanaugh regardless (and maybe see him get impeached in the coming months, depending on the conclusions of any government investigation) or drop him and push a new candidate. if they do, they'll have to nominate one quickly - , and there are only 41 days until the midterms. "
"i have seen nothing compelling to think she could be referencing anyone else. "
"now we are pressing up against the beginning of the scotus session,  "
"i'm not a republican, but if i was i'd be digging in as well if for no other reason than simple politics -- allowing a guy like kavanaugh to be taken down for an alleged incident 30 years gone without much in the way of corroborating evidence would clear the way for any nominee to be subject to a decades old claim, whether true or false. we are seeing political case law being written in real time. this new claim, which is less substantiated than ford's, simply bolsters the republican claim that kavanaugh is being subjected to a hit job. and as trump's election makes clear, . "
"potus: “a good show or a bad show?” "
"they can check the floor plan of the house and compare to ford's sketch, they can interview and ask follow up questions - 'did kavanaugh get drunk to the point of passing out?', 'was he a violent drunk on more than one occasion' - if many reputable people give contrary statements to what kavanaugh said then perhaps that might matter. "
"if she can corroborate the story, why not. "
