"feinstein soon released a statement: “i have received information from an individual concerning the nomination of brett kavanaugh to the supreme court,” she wrote. “that individual strongly requested confidentiality, declined to come forward or press the matter further, and i have honored that decision. i have, however, referred the matter to federal investigative authorities.” "
"are "
"* the kavanaugh circus could destroy the me too movement "
"moore is a fucking nonce. "
"the apathy in the media regarding brett kavanaugh is a national scandal "
"**hi there, it's been a week!** "
"the most talked about consequences of kavanaugh’s confirmation are his views on presidential impeachment and abortion law... but you think she did this over guns? "
"other important details are that the accuser can't remember exactly what year the alleged attack occurred, can't remember where it occurred, can't remember how she got home after running out of the room where the alleged attack occurred. "
"* the entire confirmation process can't get more rotten than skipping over merrick garland. expecting dems to take the high road and not degrade the confirmation process to keep out blatantly republican justices is hypocritical if you don't hold the same expectations of republicans, who have shown time and time again their willingness to degrade the confirmation process if it suits them. in other words, if you all want to start the 'respecting the confirmation process' game, we can start by holding hearings for merrick garland instead of brett kavanaugh. "
"if there is one thing congress is great at its inaction. and if moderate republicans in tough races feel like kavanaugh is going to cost them the support of women that are absolutely done with this shit, they'll burn him at the stake if it saves their sorry asses. "
"* she has contemporaneous notes from a 2012 therapy session where she mentioned this. it would be unlikely that she was plotting the downfall of a specific scotus nominee back in 2012. "
"you support trump, and you’re trying to square that with being pro-choice, and you’re getting angry at me for pointing out that it doesn’t work. the republicans are going to heavily restrict abortion. that’s been their goal for decades, and is the only reason that a lot of their current supporters vote for them. that’s what you’re supporting. you can keep supporting it if you like, but you shouldn’t live in denial. "
"california professor, writer of confidential brett kavanaugh letter, speaks out about her allegation of sexual assault "
"there are at least hundreds of judges at least as well qualified as kavanaugh that could take the bench. plenty of them right-wing even. without this baggage. "
"oh god the bosses in my office have been going off about the kavanaugh thing with 'who cares if he did something silly as a kid, no one even got injured!' "
"video kavanaugh: the woman behind that 'elevator pitch' to jeff flake... "
"sen. ted cruz forced out of restaurant by kavanaugh protesters. "
"everyone knows what this is. a political hitjob. allegations that cannot be fully proven or disproven, leaked at the most politically expedient time. "
"second kavanaugh accuser comes forward "
"'boofed,' 'devil's triangle,' 'ffffffourth of july': how brett kavanaugh explained his yearbook jokes "
