"> her story leaked anyway. on wednesday, the intercept reported that feinstein had a letter describing an incident involving kavanaugh and a woman while they were in high school and that feinstein was refusing to share it with her democratic colleagues. "
"the fbi absolutely serves a role in performing investigations around these types of nominations, and it is unquestionably in their jurisdiction. in one obvious example, you probably recall their investigation into anita hill's allegations of sexual harassment by clarence thomas back in 1991. in this particular case, i totally agree that it's tougher. the fbi isn't going to dust for prints and gather trace evidence for an event 35 years ago. but to suggest that there is absolutely no potential value they could provide by investigating seems a little close-minded. don't you think they couldn't interview close friends and classmates to at least verify some of the circumstances of the event? "
"as much as i have sympathy for kavanaugh and his family (because i do, esp his kids, oh goodness!) i just don't know how dr. ford would put herself out there if she wasn't 100% sure. and yes, you can say there was missteps in her name being public and how this whole hearing came to be, but at the end of the day, it always comes down to, us vs. them. "
"were he in a calm, rational demeanor and not throwing a tantrum or blatantly airing his entitlement complex, i'd agree with you. "
"actually, you should be the one providing a source for that claim. you're asking me to prove the negative. "
"the entire time graham was talking all i could think was, 'does anyone remember garland?' "
"it is public knowledge she didn't. "
"by your logic, i could get my whole second grade class to call the teacher a rapist and that would be acceptable. it would be acceptable to ruin someone’s life with literally zero evidence. "
"hey, hillary was grilled for 11 hours and she kept her composure. kavanaugh was losing it after two. just saying. "
"i'm not saying they hold power over kavanaugh in anyway whatsoever. and even if i were, lifetime position remember? "
"there’s lots of evidence, and the fbi would find more, if allowed to look. "
"they have been ramrodding this candidate through to avoid exposing the fact that they went along with trumps candidate despite knowing he is shady, perjured himself through his career, an attempted rapist, etc. just to get a chance at reversing roe v wade and gay marriage and tax laws, to prevent anti-citizens united, and potentially remove mueller investigation. they hid all the records to try to keep things hush hush. "
"but since this entire anti-kavanaugh circus is a political bullshit power play propelled by evil dicks who subscribe to 'guilty until proven innocent', if he said 'yes' than it would be treated as an admission of sexual assault. "
"kavanaugh: 'no' "
"and sadly, there is plenty of that happening. "
">if they had ordered it immediately it would already be done. "
"she magically has memory lapses about many details of the story - she can't say where it was, what day it happened, how she got there. she can't say who got there first, her or kavanaugh. if what she says is true someone drove her to and from the party - where is this person? why can't she name them? this would be a key witness for her case. "
"in terms of credibility, i think the refusal by the republicans to call in the fbi, and by kavanaugh to say that he welcomed an investigation really weighs heavily. "
"over and over and over. "
"every single witness, in fact. "
