"as helaine olen recently observed in the washington post, while the starr team’s actual questioning of clinton was highly graphic, it was arguably less intrusive than what kavanaugh had advocated for. "
"* be notable, as defined by our . notable domains will consist of news organizations, research organizations, political advocacy groups, governmental agencies / bodies, and political parties. "
"except for the notes her therapist has, from six years ago, that describe the assault. "
"voice of leia, in upcoming star wars tv show, posts video mocking christine blasey ford "
"i was never a partisan voter and voted for several republicans in local/state elections in the past. never again. from now on, that (r) stands for (r)ape apologists, (r)acists, (r)egressivism, and (r)ussian pawns. "
"yeah they're not going to ever agree with me, so i want people who support kavanaugh to get shit on when they bring it up in public, on forums, etc. you can get a conservative judge without this much baggage, the gop is playing a dirty game, and both the gop and their supporters know it. "
">>if he got (past tense) blackout drunk as a teen, it would explain everything. "
"yes let's have me call my representative to have kavanaugh call an fbi investigation onto himself so that his nomination is postponed by minimum a few months which is exactly what the democrats need in their desperate attempt to get their hands on power as long as possible. yeah that sounds like an excellent use of everyone's time and money. "
"please, this is not that hard. it is within the fbi's capabilities to speak in person with every single high school classmate of kavanaugh's and to determine which girls were within his reach and talk to each one of them personally. then move on to college and interview his roommates, fraternity brothers, coworkers about exactly this question. you find his dates and girlfriends and you talk to them. then you move on to his law school class and his coworkers post law school. is that a lot of people? yes. but you are trying to gauge the character and veracity of a man who will in many respects have more power than all but eight other people to determine how things will be in the us for decades to come. it's worth the time and effort. "
"mcturtle might try, but there are a lot of republicans that would be terrified to try it again if the new nominee has the potential of suffering the same fate. they will have to vet the fuck out of their their next one way too much. that said, i am not very convinced that they will not vote kavanaugh in anyways. "
"welp, kavanaugh is going to hell now... "
"> *the president hasn't talked to kavanaugh in the last couple of days, she says.* "
"and it’s cute you now act like you think she believes this for some reason like she’s just chosen since 2012 to live her life obsessed with kavanaugh assaulting her to the point of ptsd. this isn’t a choice of hers. she didn’t choose to come up with this story because she enjoys it. it’s just a reality for her. "
"6. sure...and that’s why we’re all expecting a republican landslide this november, right? get real, man. where are you getting your data from? americans want single payer healthcare (even a majority of republican voters), the rich taxed into oblivion (the tax bill was unwanted by the majority and is a disaster), the environment protected, etc. issues the gop will never broach. "
"sounds like mr. kavanaugh might be a little on the rapey end of the spectrum. "
"ted cruz was on it yesterday debunking the 'missing documents' bullshit. proud that he's my state's senator. "
"¯\(°_o)/¯ "
"no, and you clearly don't know what you're talking about. "
"at the end of the week i fully anticipate the republican leadership declaring that they've appeased the 'obstructing' democrats, and the investigation turned up nothing conclusive. therefore, since the allegations could not be proven, they should be disregarded, and boom we have justice kavanaugh. "
"> “there is no doubt in my mind that while at yale he was a big partier, often drank to excess,” she said. "
