"the russians hacked kavanaugh’s emails "
">there are two scenarios: "
"'he became aggressive and belligerent when he was very drunk': brett kavanaugh's former roommate sides with accuser who claims he exposed himself at college party "
"women walk out across the country in support of kavanaugh's accusers "
" i do not understand how republicans can be so cruel. they have lost their minds over this kavanaugh. they have lost sight of decency. republicans deserve punishment for this. "
">here is what we do know about judge kavanaugh. we know that he was part of a group of young men who saw fit to write a creepy racist and misogynistic email chain—and to pledge to keep it secret. we also know that the “neutral” george w. bush lawyer who vetted kavanaugh’s papers (and also represents the disgraced judge for whom kavanaugh once clerked) deemed one of those emails classified, even though it contained no national security or political secrets. withholding that email was the system protecting the system. that is why women don’t come forward. "
"47 of 60 yale law school faculty call for fbi investigation of kavanaugh in open letter "
"kavanaugh was ‘aggressive and belligerent’ when drunk, his yale roommate says "
"former georgetown prep classmate calls kavanaugh accusations 'story i know was repeated dozens of times' "
"the accuser will be free to get on every news show on every network and repeatedly tell her story. the news story will have legs and walk the republicans right into the mid-term elections. republicans have no idea what the worst case scenario would look like under these conditions. "
"brett kavanaugh may have incriminated himself to rachel mitchell — and revealed a potential new witness "
"republicans better be terrified if kavanaugh gets appointed. "
"*  "
"qualifications for clerk to kavanaugh: look like a model "
"kavanaugh unconvincingly denies talking to trumprussia lawyer "
"what did brett kavanaugh know about his mentor alex kozinski’s sexual harassment? a timeline suggests an awful lot. "
"megyn kelly makes case against kavanaugh’s accuser: ‘maybe he blew her off and she had an axe to grind’ "
"kamala harris appears, by all available evidence, a paper prosecutor with a serious demeanor. i predict that amy klobuchar may actually raise an issue that could cause kavanaugh some real grief. "
"confirming kavanaugh now would damage our democratic institutions for a generation "
"i had a chilling conversation today with a relative of mine who's a relatively high ranking officer in the usaf. "
