"liberal crowdfunding campaign to pressure susan collins for kavanaugh 'no' vote tops $800,000 "
"gorsuch was replacing scalia - didn't alter the balance of the court. "
"cruz finally loses it in kavanaugh hearing — drops hillary bomb on shocked dems "
"but we're still supposed to remember that she never wanted to. "
"tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies: scotus nomination vote postponed for at least a week waiting for fbi investigation on kavanaugh sex-assault charges "
"innocent until proven guilty is the standard for criminal prosecution. "
"who has testified under oath, other than kavanaugh? "
"not only that, they've finally dropped the four other 'complaints' that were even more wanting of evidence than ford's. i think coming out of the woodwork with all these absolutely *insane* and unreliable complaints backfired on them--it made the whole thing really look like a hit on kavanaugh, regardless of the merits of ford's claim. "
"> but we can’t lose sight of the fact that if this happened kavanaugh should not be confirmed. of course that is only if it is clearly ant attempted rape. if the allegations change to something more akin to juvenile horseplay, he should be confirmed. "
"and now ford has to come forward because the media was going to out her. "
"three witnesses go on record: we saw protesters get paid with bags full of cash to disrupt kavanaugh hearing - "
"> why not just pick someone that’s bland and easy to approve? "
"she wont be convicted if this turns out false. "
"breaking: lawyer of fmr fbi deputy director andrew mccabe is also lawyer to kavanaugh's accuser "
"this republican site is the only one that has talked about the story; but it was reported by a journalist at the atlantic, her tweets are in the article. "
"attorney to porn star stormy daniels - says he has a 3rd woman against kavanaugh "
"the smart thing to do would be to ask for proof so that it can be tried in court of law, which kavanaugh and republicans did do. ford and democrats said 'no proof needed, he did it!' "
"kavanaugh need to be confirmed ... even if it means massive losses in nov. "
"...and if you think this is bad, wait and see what happens when ginsburg leaves the court. "
"> three separate rape claims "
