">says i’m in an echo chamber "
"brett kavanaugh's net neutrality views could have a broad impact if he joins the supreme court "
"to name a few... "
"disagree, obamacare passed, right? "
"is that what you liked about him? that he's so political. exactly what we want in a judge??? /s gtfo "
"because their last name is kavanaugh "
"> do you know everything else too?? "
"* bk mentions rehnquist, his 'primary topic' of the day. he waxes poetic, almost teary-eyed about rehnquist for quite some time - recounting many personal interactions, and even more personal admiration. "
"sound reasons undergird the regulations. if a democrat were in the white house, we would know them by heart at this point. republicans once knew them well, too. that was before donald trump’s character flaws had them shrugging their shoulders, resigned that he deserves to be investigated whether he committed a crime or not. "
"and what of kavanaugh *indeed*? "
"i think the policies i believe in are the best for everyone in the long term. i'm not against what you want as much as i am solid in my beliefs of what will be best for all. "
"none of this establishes the article's contention that in citing glucksberg, kavanaugh is saying he intends to overturn roe. the notion that kavanaugh thus 'said last week' anything about his future rulings on roe is strained past the point of credibility. "
"im pretty sure he'll veto it for one or both of these reasons "
"peter navarro? robert lighthizer? given the drama around kavanaugh it's the perfect time to further push his tariff agenda. "
"> they did their best to block anything with obama's name on it "
"oh, and just to calibrate *my* understanding of *your* understanding of witch hunts, do you consider the mueller investigation to be a witch hunt? because if so,  so just curious, according to you, does the mueller investigation count as a witch hunt? "
"and brett kavanaugh's confirmation as sc justice will make sure it wont matter for a generation. "
"fighting their corruption and immoral bullshit must be done on different grounds. "
"you need to read more posts, usually when this happens the first most voted answer is someone calming everyone down with real facts. "
"the concurrence to the decision he's talking about even specifically talked about *roe v. wade* and how it had come to define abortion rights, independent of any explicit rights outlined in the constitution. the idea that that decision could then be used to overturn *roe v. wade* is completely asinine. "
