"brett kavanaugh’s mother was the judge on christine fords parents foreclosure case in 1996. "
"a young man stands outside a brick building that appears to be a school. he is carrying a pile of books, as if to suggest he is heading to or from class. he is dressed casually but professionally, and wears glasses which further gives him an overall studious appearance. he appears to have a happy, if thoughtful expression, as if grateful for the opportunity to have an impromptu discussion about a current social issue. to convey the particular issue at hand, in the upper right hand corner of the frame is an image or collage of images that denote the senate's willingness to have kavanaugh's accuser testify. the young man is depicted as gazing upward toward these images, and even gestures toward them with his free hand. clearly that is the object of his focus and he is about to deliver an opinion on the matter (in this case in the form of a rhetorical question). curiously, the young man appears to interpret the images as something completely opposite of what they were intended to demonstrate. at the bottom of the frame in bold white text, somewhat akin to a speech bubble to show the reader the dialogue from the young man, appears the phrase 'is this silencing?' "
"god it’s beautiful though right? straight from horses mouth (cnn) 'simply put,' walsh said, 'ms. keyser does not know mr. kavanaugh and she has no recollection of ever being at a party or gathering where he was present... "
"then he goes on about how the other 'witnesses' didn't deny it but couldn't remember. what does he expect? you can't prove a negative. the point is none corroborated ford. kavanaugh is being forces to prove innocence in his eyes. then he bitches about how thomas shouldn't be on the supreme court almost 3 decades too late lol. "
"expounding on your #2: "
"> (14) daca kids shouldn't be blamed for the actions of their parents, but whites have privilege because of their ancestors. "
"are the demoncrats only interested in derailing judge kavanaugh's nomination, or are they also going to initiate impeachment proceedings against him... because why would an accused rapist judge be eligible for the second highest court in the land (dc circuit court of appeals)? "
"brett kavanaugh’s accuser is savaged by her students. they’re not bringing their best, folks! "
"*__agenda__* "
"1990, "
"of course someone asks a question about kavanaugh. "
"seriously, reading you post made me think that maybe someone got a hold of epsteins memoirs and decided they could use it as the storyline for kavanaughs youth, haha. "
"oh rush you silly goose! they're completely different! "
"poll finds majority of west virginia voters want kavanaugh confirmed -- sen. joe manchin, call your office. "
"it is urgent you let your senators know how you feel about the kavanaugh confirmation process. you can reach your senators at 202-224-3121. "
"the swamp uses the constitutional requirements for fundraising and power playing: this includes both sides of the swamp. for gop, have to separate the gop into a few camps on this issue. "
"wow lindsey graham cuts through all the bullshit. you can see that leahy is trying to set-up and trap kavanaugh, where graham here is just asking about it. "
"polls: surge in republican voter enthusiasm — even before latest kavanaugh hearing "
"confirm kavanaugh, get tax return 2.0 passed in the house, and show some semblance of a plan to fix healthcare (which we keep hearing every month is 'coming soon') and that favorability will jump further. these are key issues you can run on over the next 6 weeks. if they can outline a plan to replace obamacare with a system that would reduce premiums and deductibles that alone could win back the independent vote. you don't even need to pass the bill, simply hold a press conference detailing it and how we need more republicans to get it passed. "
"what do you guys think now that the gop caved-in on kavanaugh like a chilean coal mine? it's a coup- conspiracy to overthrow an elected president. "
