">for what it’s worth, and absent evidence or allegations to the contrary, i believe brett kavanaugh’s claim that he was a virgin through his teens. i believe it in part because it squares with some of the oddities i’ve had a hard time understanding about his alleged behavior: namely, that both allegations are strikingly different from other high-profile stories the past year, most of which feature a man and a woman alone. and yet both the kavanaugh accusations share certain features: there is no penetrative sex, there are always male onlookers, and, most importantly, there’s laughter. in each case the other men—not the woman—seem to be kavanaugh’s true intended audience. in each story, the cruel and bizarre act the woman describes—restraining christine blasey ford and attempting to remove her clothes in her allegation, and in deborah ramirez’s, putting his penis in front of her face—seems to have been done in the clumsy and even manic pursuit of male approval. even kavanaugh’s now-notorious yearbook page, with its references to the “100 kegs or bust” and the like, seems less like an honest reflection of a fun guy than a representation of a try-hard willing to say or do anything as long as his bros think he’s cool. in other words: the awful things kavanaugh allegedly did only imperfectly correlate to the familiar frame of sexual desire run amok; they appear to more easily fit into a different category—a toxic homosociality—that involves males wooing other males over the comedy of being cruel to women. "
"libertarianism is a child's philosophy for average to below average pampered white males which enables them to believe that refusing to share the toys they were given by their parents is in fact a noble and just action to take and not the action of a selfish, privileged permanent toddler. "
"> she earned an undergraduate degree in experimental psychology in 1988[4] from the university of north carolina at chapel hill.[3] she received a master's degree in clinical psychology from pepperdine university in 1991.[4] in 1996, she received a phd in educational psychology from the university of southern california.[4] her 1995 dissertation was entitled measuring young children's coping responses to interpersonal conflict.[12] in 2009, she earned a master's degree in epidemiology, with a focus on the subject of biostatistics,[13] from stanford university school of medicine.[4] "
"dr.ford brought this up confidentaly and the potential was there for kavanaugh to simply not be picked from the list. for whatever reason he was and now we are here. big mistakes lead up to this which aren't on either kavanaugh or ford. "
"* ford didn't live near the country club (she lived closer than he did) "
"amazing how glibertarians support a theocratic, perjuring wackadoodle like kavanaugh to... own the libs? "
"as for the dems, feinstein doesn't sit on that accusation for months without knowing full well how she wanted to use it. the democrats have no hope (literally zero) of keeping that seat empty, but instead of discussing the issue with republicans, they kept the accusation in their back pocket. i would argue that the republicans should have known better than to accept kavanaugh, but i think we're far past the republicans doing the right thing. democrats should have nipped this in the bud early and ceded the seat to a more qualified justice. accept the loss and maintain the sanctity of the supreme court. "
"i am not saying investigating *anything* from decades ago is a joke. murder, theft, or other crimes that leave physical evidence that does not rely on a story and memory are fair game. "
"the word 'indisputably' used to mean something, i swear. "
"and also more lies "
"even though ford claims that memories are 'indelible on the hippocampus (which is wrong btw), she claims to not remember the year or location this indelible memory took place. she doesn't remember how she got there or how she got home, even though miraculously, she remembers precisely how many beers she had. "
"trump himself has a career track record of putting middle class, family owned businesses out of business. anyone who voted for him without looking into this or anyone in agreement with his business moves which put good families out of work for his own profit..not competitors, the people who helped him build his towers to plaster his stupid name all over, are not doing so because they care about their country and are real patriots. if they loved their country, they would have done their due dillegence. i get there weren’t good options but if that’s your excuse, vote 3rd party so we can begin to turn 2 party shit storm around. they’re literally handing over the reigns of the country to groups of conglomerates who used to have to work to hide their acts that killed the america dream. now they get to do it in broad daylight. this is just entertaining because i can’t force myself to care for the progress or the future, politically, in my lifetime. america, overall, is a dumb ass country, politically. "
"ralphing can mean any kind of vomiting, but you have to look at it in the context of the rest of his yearbook, where '' in that context, being also in the 'beach week ralph club' is pretty clearly a reference to vomiting from too much alcohol. "
"> it's amazing that things like the kavanaugh hearing can be such a farce and that it isn't what concerns americans. "
"and beyond that, i'll go ahead and say it... 4 decades of exemplary behavior and an accomplished career free of scandal and blemish should certainly be insulated from a single bad action committed in your teens. "
"4. kavanaugh has already been investigated by the fbi for his career 6 times....nothing was found "
"it's like if i say u/bluest_waters raped someone who wasn't me, but was also present when i was raped, but i can't remember anything else about it, like where or when it was or the events surrounding it. "
"i would call for my good friend, author of the book 'wasted', and witness to the alleged assault to be subpoenaed and questioned. rather than hiding out in someone's beach house. "
"the paranoid style in american politics against kavanaugh "
"he didn't lie at all about this. "
