">like a society where it's ok to openly publish articles disparaging a gender for being 'toxic'? "
"equality means equality - you don't get to call it 'entitlement' when you don't like it "
"like a society where it's ok to openly publish articles disparaging a gender for being 'toxic'? "
"> do you get how entitled you come off? "
"> again, how much of an inconvenience is it actually to you that you can't go there at that specific time? "
"> if it's not important, then you'd support 'whites only' sessions right? "
"> i know it's difficult, but try to imagine you instead grew up in a society where you were considered inherently lesser because of how you were born "
"if it's not important, then you'd support 'whites only' sessions right? "
">like a society with a systemized gender bias in the educational system?  "
"lastly, if men stopped harassing women and started treating them like actual people with agency, we wouldn't need so many women only spaces. no, not all men, but enough for it to be a serious problem that affects all women one way or another. "
"who gets to decide which views 'aren't legitimate'? "
"shouldn't we be starting with articles that oppress people based on protected characteristics if we're going to be oppressing speech? "
"toxic masculinity != all men are bad. toxic masculinity is used to describe 'traditionally masculine traits' (again, masculine traits != what men are actually like, it's about the outdated ideals of what a man should be) that end up hurting both men and women. most of this is based in misogyny, because it equates feminine with weak and bad, and men that display 'feminine behaviours' are considered to have disgraced themselves. for example, men aren't allowed to show emotions other than anger, leading to bottling it up and not seeking help when needed. men are also expected to be virile studs with many conquests, and as seen in the discussions around kavanaugh hearing, this leads to being a serial harasser somehow being seen as a normal part of being a man. let me reiterate, *this hurts men*. feminist theory acknowledges this and feminists try to combat it. this article isn't criticising men, it's talking about how outdated ideas of what it means to be a man is having ramifications for world politics. "
"when we have mainstream newspapers publishing openly sexist pieces like:  "
"the fbi have already done 6 investigations on kavanaugh and found not a trace. the democrats have contradicted themselves and used a baseless allegation to ruin a man’s career, name and family and you’re supporting that? "
"his wife and daughter receiving death threats, their house having to be under 24/7 marshal protection, every single witness coming out and saying they don’t recall anything ford described happening, not even being able to say if ford even *knew* kavanaugh, the democrats holding onto the allegation for two weeks to then use it as a political tool and, in the process, making an absolute mockery of women who have *actually* suffered sexual abuse. "
"do i need to remind you, you are angry about a specific pool or spa not allowing you to go whenever you want cause they have it booked for specific purposes? i can't go to my local pool when it's booked for the competitive swimming team which i'm not on, or when they have classes i haven't paid for. "
"> but you're talking about access a fucking swimming pool. "
"> equality means equality - you don't get to call it 'entitlement' when you don't like it "
"like a society with a systemized gender bias in the educational system?  "
