"* who drove her from party "
"you got to think of the timing on this too. yes, he's an idiot but he knows the media and people love talking about him and that will distract us from the kavanaugh 'hearing'. "
"grassley in firing line on kavanaugh assault allegation "
"lol keep telling yourself that. if the accusers are all lying why do they keep calling for the fbi to investigate and are cooperating with that investigation while kavanaugh doesn't want it? if they were lying why would they go to the fbi? the fbi can interview witnesses and the other accusers and their witnesses. the only witness who denied her claims is mark judge a friend of kavanaugh. you're also probably referring to the woman who said she doesn't remember that party but you're conveniently leaving out that she said she believes ford. sad. you can't be bothered to go through them cause you can't. is oj a murderer? it's almost like you people don't want an investigation and don't want people to use heir brains because you're worried what we'll find :) also yoi know that innocent until proven guilty means there has to be investigation and trail right? which he isn't even on. so it doesn't apply. sad. "
"2. cherry-picked data to play up the 'witch hunt' narrative "
"gop senator suggests christine blasey ford may have ‘false memories’ of alleged assault "
"the woman accusing brett kavanaugh of sexual assault reportedly had to move out of her house and hire private security after receiving death threats "
"* asian-american unemployment recently achieved the lowest rate ever recorded. "
"* during past two weeks, senators have been trying to get ford to testify to accounts in front of committee. they even went as far as offering to fly all the way out to california. also during this time two other accounts came forward accusing kav of exposing himself and even running a gang rape club where he and friends would drug and gang rape girls. mind you, these two stories lacked so severe of evidence that even the liberal nyt and many other outlets refused to print. there was simply no corroborating evidence. "
"shocker. "
"* first post, lots of links to donald trump websites, the white house, campaign website, pastebin listing trump's accomplishments, more pastbin with appearances and his daily schedule, and trumptv. "
"a us senate committee has voted to approve brett kavanaugh's nomination to the us supreme court as discussions continue over a possible fbi inquiry into allegations of sexual misconduct. "
"i don't even know how to respond to that. do you trump cultists just reflexively puke up the scandal de jour when backed into a corner? by the way, last time i checked, the republicans have the majority and they are going to vote and most likely confirm kavanaugh. find something else to be triggered about. "
"who is rachel mitchell, the prosecutor chosen to question kavanaugh’s accuser? "
"racist sexist bigoted homophobes? "
"wonder how many people in here are against kavanaugh with his accusers lack of evidence. "
"that's great! i thought he was dictatorial, turns out he's dictatorial and incoherent! "
"schumer, democrats wrestled over staging mass kavanaugh walkout "
"christine blasey ford: key moments in her testimony, including she’s 100% sure it was kavanaugh "
"absolutely all bets are off at the senate judiciary committee hearing for kavanaugh’s accuser "
