"the porn star lawyers clients claims are so bad the dems won’t even touch it. roving gang rapes, and these are so fun that as a college aged student you would return to these rape festivals multiple multiple times. "
"kavanaugh classmate: disappointed in blatant lying "
"crafty belongs in kavanaugh column. harris is on-point. "
"your boy kavanaugh seems to have failed on the latter three, so as the accusations of sexual assault mount, he hasn't been able to mount much of a credible defense. his active membership in organization which embrace sexual misconduct and heavy drinking combined with his repeated and easily disproven mistruths does not paint him in a good light. "
">should not be confirmed in the middle of all these allegations, "
"armed leftists call for “violent” strike if kavanaugh is confirmed "
"who? and what “relevant evidence” in terms of ford. her own best friend whom she cited said she never even knew kavanaugh, then ford threw her under the bus by saying she has health problems and doesn’t know what she’s talking about. "
"i don't doubt kavanaugh didn't actually assault her. it's all in how you call it, isn't it? "
"here is the liberal response 'this is fake news folks' kavanaugh has been nominated by a potus who has legal culpability that will end up in the scotus. should we allow criminals to pick the judge in the case they are charged in? "
"so after ford, 4 more accusers make allegations. does that really mean that each accusation is more credible. let's see, the gang rape girl has so little credibility that even nyt wouldn't publish on it. fbi says it's not even worth investigating. "
"ca dems slam kavanaugh while remaining silent on ellison, cardenas, and cisneros "
"the personal attack comment was about what was said to me. not kavanaugh. my comment have been about the reaction the poloticians and media have gotten out of the people. "
"yes. bill clinton took advantage of a subordinate on work premises and there was physical evidence (the dress). completely inappropriate an unethical behavior for any ordinary citizen, let alone a sitting president. "
"this is bullshit. they did not allow witnesses. she was the only one allowed to speak on her behalf. "
">if you're looking for some nail-in-the-coffin like you get on tv, you're not going to get it, and if that were required in courts, there would be about a 0% conviction rate for every crime. "
"then why did kavanaugh lie? "
"kavanaugh actually did voice, in his testimony, that he would cooperate with any investigation. he also specifically was told by the senate judiciary committee that he had no power to authorize such a thing, so that is on the committee, not him. "
"you seem to take issues with kavanaugh strictly because he'll likely be the vote that overturn roe vs. wade and the conveniently timed sexual allegation is nothing but a red herring just so people like you can pretend to be principled and objective. it's really getting rather tedious and nauseating. "
"kavanaugh has had 35 years and 2 months to prepare his cover-up of an attempted rape, so why the hurry? what are republicans so afraid will be revealed? "
"if op cared ***at all*** for truth or justice, then they'd be demanding an fbi investigation to prove or disprove whether the allegations have merit. "
