"taking advantage of government shutdowns"
"republicans raise $15 million for border wall on gofundme - still not en... "
"indian engineers are jumping over the border wall? pretty sure they‘re coming in legally. dm me if you wanta talk "
"for fucks sake. i'm a survivor of labor trafficking, a former full-service sex worker, and i've spent more years homeless than many posters in this sub have even been alive. this government shutdown would not have affected any of that in any way whatsoever. by saying that the most vulnerable are affected by this, you're necessarily claiming that government employees are *more vulnerable* than **literal fucking slaves.** "
"y'all non-lumpens disgust me. "
"the republicans designed this government shutdown nonsense. the democrats never want to shutdown the government so essentially every fiscal quarter, 60 votes are required to pass the budget bill that means republicans can hold the government hostage every quarter to pass whatever nonsense they feel like. unless the democrats get 60% of the senate they have to convince atleast 10 republicans to vote along with them. so even with the majority, and even without adding changes or demands of their own they essentially have to negotiate funding the government every quarter. make no mistake trump has nothing to do with this, i doubt trump really understands what's going on. this happened under obama as well, the republicans did it, but the president isn't involved. i don't really think trump cares about the wall or immigration either, he's repeatedly hired illegal immigrants throughout his life including his own maid. what we do know is that this will happen again and again, could be about a wall, or obamacare, or dismantling social security or defunding public schools its really based on their whims. democrats have nothing to stand on because they don't want a government shutdown at all. what they could do is threaten to shutdown wall street if they don't get what they want. but i have the strangest feeling that will never happen "
"i would like to add as a semi related sidenote. help the disabled people in your community. government shutdowns delay foodstamps and disability checks, some people with disabilities may not be able to eat or get necessities if the shutdowns keep lasting longer and longer. "
"bruhhh.the government shutdown only promotes more spending. every shutdown has been the same cycle. i dont know why you eould be happy about this. its not going to lead to a liberterian future. "
"pretty sure that their point was that, unlike anyone affected by this shutdown, starving yemenis actually have a reasonable claim on being among 'the most vulnerable.' "
"one of the things i don't see how they don't understand is that the border wall won't work. a majority of so-called 'illegal' immigrants come to america by planes and when their visas expire they just don't leave. take it from a country without any land borders except to scotland and wales, there's still enough people with whatever this week's wrong skin colour is to piss off racist twats. "
"thank you for clarifying. i'm not familiar with us politics and the previous comment led me to believe that a 'government shutdown' meant the government was actually... well, shutting down "
