"c.14: special leave: eliminate the requirement to exhaust all personal days prior to accessing special leave. "
"c.22: green canada post operations and reduce emissions with new services: require cpc to take measures to reduce its environmental footprint, initiate new environmental services and negotiate joint environmental sustainability committees. "
"c.9: injury on duty: provide for 100% pay in cases of injury on duty and stop cpc from clawing back payments where there is no instance of fraud. "
"c.5: reduce the wage gap: reduce the number of increment levels and raise minimum wage levels. "
"then in the midwest, the tariffs are starting to really hit there with farms taking a hit and the news of the gm factories closing. with that area being trump country some people are still performing mental gymnastics to give these polices the benefit of the doubt, but as the effects of the tariffs get worse and when these people see how fucked their tax returns will be this year from the new regulations, shit might finally boil over. "
"that border wall, funded by mexico of course, is almost complete! "
"neat. double the thickness and let the trees grow high and you have a cheap amd affordable border wall. "
"c.8: domestic violence: provide protections and support for employees facing situations of domestic violence. "
"the post is from an account that's less than three months old, who has posted only twice before. once to blame the democrats for the us government shutdown, and a second hoping that the negative japanese birthrate will allow the chinese to occupy japan. so, i'd say that this is just trying to elicit a reaction, not a discussion. "
"c.10: article 20: improve article 20, including the addition of paid sick leave with no reduction of personal days. "
"c.17: reduce overburdening: adopt all necessary measures to reduce overburdening of rsmc and letter carriers including overburdening created by the delivery of admail. "
"c.3: improve services and standards to the public: expand retail services, delivery hours, banking, and internet and other services. contract-in all work that cupw members can perform with no contracting out of work. maximize work in local communities. "
"so did he get all his back pay? "
"c.6: education fund: increase the education fund. "
"c.24: distinct seniority: maintain a distinct regime between the rural and urban units for the purpose of the application of seniority. "
"c.3: improve services and standards to the public: expand retail services, delivery hours, banking, and internet and other services. contract-in all work that cupw members can perform with no contracting out of work. maximize work in local communities. "
"c.7: benefit plans: improve benefit plans including the dental plan, extended health care plan, vision and hearing plan and life insurance for both active employees and retirees. "
"c.21: five minute wash-up: obtain a five minute wash-up period at the end of a shift. "
"c.20: maintain contract provisions: renew all provisions to ensure they continue to apply until the expiry of the collective agreement. "
"c.1: job security: extend full job security to all regular employees. "
