"there are threats of shut downs every year, sometimes 2-3 times a year, for a while. usually it doesn't hurt us that work for the government but it has. it's easy to dismiss those threats of shut down when it isn't your job that will be effected. but those of us that work under the federal system have to worry about this shit every time it comes around. it cost me 11 days of pay back during the big one for obama, after negotiating it down from 22 days. a lot of times it ends up being a paid day off because it only lasts for 1 work day. but i can't be sure of that always being the case. the bank doesn't care if the federal government shutdown and that is why i can't pay. "
"he is talking about the border wall on go fund me. "
"> wasn't there bipartisan legislation that funded the government that he refused to sign "
">trump did no military service and claims to have opposed the original war in iraq "
"that literally a very very old anti semtic canard. it was the cause of the dreyfus affair, the event that would lead to the zionist movement. i could go on with a detailed explanation of it to you if you’re interested and how it’s manifested in various ways throughout history. so you’ll have to take my word about it’s prevalence and how it’s a thing unless you want to shift the discussion just about that which i’m happy to do. let me make clear, i’m not suggesting you are anti semitic in case you have interpreted that. "
"and we're proud to have him do it. "
"suddenly, he almost made it 6 months ago but said he would wait. "
"same type of coverage on local radio. the day of the rebound it was simply characterized as 'up after a historic drop.' no mention of the historic nature of the rebound, just a focus on how horrible the downturn was. "
"i'll bite though. "
"and you're guard? let me guess, you're a full timer huh. couldn't go active duty? huge leap, but lets see how good i am. and if you are, you're deemed essential anc won't miss a day. "
"gofundme border wall vet with update next week "
"anyway, i understand your point. but this really comes down to an isolationism vs foreign involvement debate "
"which is exactly why i did not freak out and jump into defending trump about the border wall shit, and thought people like ann coulter were fucking idiots for screaming that trump had broken his wall promise. "
"trump was correct, ronald reagan wanted a border wall. here is the evidence. "
"video: dem sen shouts 'bullsh*t' on msnbc over gop funding border wall "
"chuck schumer says republicans must ‘abandon’ wall in order to reopen government "
"bad trump. the border wall is no where near enough importance to pull that lever. the consequences if the democrats regain the senate with no minority enabled roadblock shake me to the core. "
"but this is harder to do and weak and lazy politicians do not like this at all. it also makes it harder for journalists as wealth reduces crime. hard to fill a news buliten with only good news so they do not want change. "
"doesn't seem like he tried very hard. just threatened the shutdown, but now it seems like a lot of representatives have gone home so we get a shutdown and no wall funding. the public seems to not want the government shutdown over the wall and prefers a compromise. "
"do you think the government shutdown is worth it to get funding for the wall? "
