"> merkley added: “$5 billion is a lot of money. that's 650,000 children attending head start. it's 2 million meals a day for a year — for a year for — for seniors. and to spend it on a fourth-century strategy rather than on stuff that actually improves border security is something we're just not going to do.” "
"more: "
"foster introduces legislation to end congressional perks during government shutdown: members still able to access the taxpayer-funded gym, sauna, and steam room....janitorial staff are still required to clean the gym and restock it with towels and other “essential items. "
"so the shutdown started december 22 and president trump announced that he would cancel his planned trip to mar-a-lago for christmas and stay in washington, d.c. "
"i love how he just tries to give the right example, even if he doesn't really have to. i'm not from america but i really miss the guy. trump is such a global catastrophy. that man is the biggest manbaby in the world. "
"chuck schumer baited him to own it, this was amazing to play him into his own game, 'the reality star' got played into his own game, lolol "
"the house passes stopgap funding bill with $5 billion for trump’s border wall. vote. them. out! "
"the dhs security appropriations bill from this summer says that $1.6 billion was included in the budget request and it was restricted to “approximately 65 miles of pedestrian fencing in the rio grande valley sector in texas” and not a border wall . "
"visa overstay is the primary issue:  "
"> this is why democrats are looked at with disdain. **misinformation or outright bullshit makes you look weak and petty.** "
"i feel like obama's life right now is absolutely the best. he just has to show up in a christmas hat somewhere and all we say is 'omg look a president who doesn't scream about walls and government shutdowns!' "
"> fact: the trump administration has only spent 6 percent – six percent – of the $1.7 billion the congress has appropriated over the last two years to build or replace fencing on the southern border. that does not sound like an urgent need for additional billions in funding. "
"pelosi isn't here to babysit like paul ryan. "
"no! we don’t. what we have is already more than we’ve ever had. it should literally be at the bottom of the priority list. "
"in every possible way the shutdown is directly the fault of trump and the republicans. "
"i think they're playing the long game. dems are just feeling him out right now. "
"that’s blatantly wrong. the transcript was: "
"> you make a lot of accusations there with no sources. "
"so congress adjourned on december 22 for the christmas and holiday season, with many predicting that the shutdown would not be resolved until the start of the 116th congress. but, in an attempt at coming to a resolution in the last days of the lame duck session, the senate reconvened on december 27 for four minutes, with republican senator pat roberts presiding over the session. the house briefly reconvened as well, with republican majority whip steve scalise saying that members should not expect any further votes for the rest of 2018. "
"i just want to make sure i have this argument facts straight. could you give me a list if it's not too much trouble? "
