"no, democrats just pretend to give a shit. we need the good cop/bad cop, we need polarization, otherwise maybe we’d be rioting... 20 years ago. "
">research by the chinese university of hong kong suggests air pollution kills 1 million chinese each year "
"sounds like more than just a few percent .. stop lying "
"chuck schumer: no deal on infrastructure without addressing climate change "
"many countries employ the use of border walls to protect nationally sovereignty. we have seen them work. trumps base supporters used to be our democrat base (before our candidate called them names) whom we supported when we funded and constricted 7o0 miles of wall which worked most recently. we too said a wall is needed. "
"so very cool good job winning the popular vote, yet you lost three states including one you didn’t even think to campaign in (wisconsin). democrats lost 1,000 seats nationwide from 2008-2016 and only just now have slightly began to reverse that. the representing wall st, fossil fuel lobby, big pharma and the health insurance industry over regular people in a time of massive inequality and pending climate disaster turned out to be a terrible strategy. the centrist dems have no actual political platform so they rely on charismatic figures and orators like obama to make people even like them as a party. "
"bulldozers to soon plow through national butterfly center for trump’s border wall "
"bernie being popular with young people of all backgrounds and his devotion to actually addressing climate change puts him in a good position to get people excited to vote. "
"supreme court rejecting environmentalists’ border wall appeal "
"supreme court rejects environmental challenge to border wall "
"horrendous. that sounds like a big disastrous national emergency without comparison. "
"'it's a death sentence' — texas butterfly sanctuary to be bulldozed for trump's border wall. "
"chuck schumer and nancy pelosi are excellent examples. especially with schumer talking about legalizing marijuana ... on 4/20.... that wasn’t a publicity stunt or anything though. "
"this is what a government shutdown over climate change would look like "
" so what has changed. why was a good idea then a poor idea now? why were we...’for the wall before we voted against the wall’? could it be politics? could it be the ‘resist movement’? could ‘trump hate’ be the cause? "
">many growth-obsessed local governments turn a blind eye to polluting enterprises "
"look, those butterflies will be caught, relocates, and placed in a new habitat. this way, we can have both the butterfly exhibit and the border wall. "
"chuck schumer literally said “for every blue collar worker we lose in ohio and pennsylvania we will pick up two moderates in the suburbs”. "
"forget all that. "
"interior dept. officials downplayed federal wildlife experts' concerns about trump’s border wall, documents show "
