"china, not relying on popularity for its policies, is not going to make that mistake. are they going to make some other mistakes? probably, especially with regards to corruption. but it wouldn't be the same type of mistake that populism cause. "
"what i mean is, china may or may not faces problems different from the problems faces by democracies. but due to its system, these problems will not be caused by populism. "
"none of which were accomplished. and he never said he would just haphazardly end us involvement in syria. especially a unilateral decision made at the behest of erdogan without consulting a single person in the us government or military. "
"populism isn't a weakness of autocracy, it is the soft underbelly of democracy. autocracy have many other weakness, inflexibility and fragility, but populism isn't one of them."
"the usa does too, to a degree. the legislative branch has to pass a bill to raise the 'debt ceiling' to increase how much the country can legally borrow. it's become a political football that the politicians use in a game of brinksmanship to force a government shutdown if they don't get a laundry list of concessions attached as riders to said bill. "
"e) the biggest reason is the gop. the gop has basically been splitting into the much smaller trump wing, and the rest of the gop. given the senate's opposition to the border wall, and the senate's(more accurately, mcconnel's) war powers restriction. they are being much more anti-trump than they have in the past. "
"one of the criticism for populism is that policies is made based on popularity, rather than rationality. to give a pertinent contemporary example, according to a u.s. department of homeland security internal report, the border wall will cost us$21.6 billion. is this measure popular? i would argue building the wall is very popular among trump's base, especially in the southern border states. is this spending rational and effective? that's going to be a big no. would america be better off if this spending be better used in improving american productivity, infrastructure, healthcare or education? sure. "
"i know you trump cultists exist in a different construct of reality. but in what version of reality can you say something as pathetic as 'trump has fulfilled most of the objectives he laid out in his campaign' when we're in the middle of a government shutdown he created over a lack of funding for a wall that he said mexico would pay for. as a campaign promise. it's just fucking mind-blowing you could commit this to the public record as fact. "
"important we have this since so many news sites are publishing trump's spin that mattis is retiring of old age, when he is in fact sick of his disregard for reality. "
"although overall, it's really hard to say since 2016 was such a unique year. i think anti-globalists and isolationists will be a problem for the us federal gov't establishment unless they manage to contain their problems. "
"b) while his approval ratings are holding steady for now, they've been unusually steady for any president. i think his supporters are largely diehard and unlikely to change. but given 60% of the country hates him to varying degrees, that's more than enough of a margin to defeat trump, especially with a likeable dem(i.e. not clinton) "
"you know you can actually research the things you write before you write them. "
"of course the us politician still get paid when this happens. "
"c) his approval ratings among african americans has doubled because his economy continues to be good. the recent bear market and yield inversion is likely to lead to far lower growth rates. he is hemorrahging middle class support because their 401ks are basically losing all of their 2018 value. his base exists in the middle class and wealthy. if they get pissed, trump is toast no matter what. "
"which leads me to two conclusions. either a) internal polling has shown that supporting trump to be a net loss among the gop base(which would mean disaster), b) the senate gop leadership has seen evidence of trump collusion, c) the unilateral middle east pullout without consulting dod or the gang of 8 has pissed off senate leadership in a very bipartisan fashion. also trump asking mcconnel to change how bills are passed in terms of a slim majority vs significant majority was seen as egregious executive overreach. "
"d) union support among dems is much higher, and the union support for trump is really only high among dying professions like coal industries. in reality dems will do far more for more unions, so whatever union support trump has gotten from being so protectionist really can't compare. "
"a) he lost the house "
"this is troubling indeed. no matter your political affiliation most agreed that mattis was a god-send for an administration that was filled with mostly yes men and women. and contrary to his nickname mad dog, mattis was by all accounts as much of a scholar as he was a warrior, telling troops under his command when he was in iraq that winning the hearts of the populace would win the war faster than bombing every hut an insurgent is suspected of hiding in. now that he's out and trump is facing threats on all angles, an economy that's beginning to show signs of strain from the trade war, a democratic house, the russian investigation, and a potential political humiliation with his hopes of getting a border wall being forever dashed, is it hyperbole to speculate that the country will be at war sometime in the future? "
"> and to maintain that popular support, and to stay in power, the government start passing irrational measures that are popular but are detrimental to the nation interests. this often result in bankrupting the state, such as in both ancient athens and argentina. "
"trump's promises regarding syria were 1. to defeat isis in 30 days. 2. to create a safe zone for syrian refugees in syria. 3. remove existing syrian refugees from the us. "
