"3. jesus christ, not islamophobic at all again. i thought you were actually going to send me good links. "
">i’m sick of all this goddamn reckless spending on both sides of the isle. "
"given that a border wall will have zero military value and will *also* have no meaningful impact on illegal immigration -- those who seek to circumvent immigration laws will simply go around the wall, or just *through* it at legal border crossings and then overstay their visas -- it would be nothing more than a symbolic boondoggle, whereas at least the arguments for foreign military aid *make sense*, even if they're not entirely libertarian and/or have longer-term deleterious consequences. "
"> ...why? because they want a border wall? that in no way implies they want an ethno-state; they frequently make posts about supporting legal immigration. if your definition of ethno-fascist sympathizer is seriously 'trump supporter', then we aren't going to find any common ground on this subject. that's patently absurd. "
"trump torpedoes bipartisan funding bill over border wall "
"i really don't care about the statistics, even if not a single one of them had ever committed a crime, they need to immigrate the correct way or stay put. "
"not in the workforce down. real wages up faster than inflation. homeownership up (for the first time in decades). consumer confidence up. s&p/dow up while emerging markets down (due to tariffs and competitive corporate rates stateside). gdp growth up. wealth gap increasing slower (not great, but better than before). "
">plus, this gives the state untold amounts of power as there is significant leeway to deny you due process rights "
">i don’t see why the citizen and their taxes has to pay for something that a small minority of people in the us want. "
"republicans raise $15 million for border wall on gofundme - still not en... "
"using this little game i've met tons of libertarians both women and men. but to answer your 'real' question, yeah i've met a handful of libertarian women who label themselves as such, though most over over 40 years old. young people lean so hard into authoritarianism these days, no idea why. do they feel helpless? "
"if you've ever spent more than a day as a libertarian you've probably already done the 'hey you're a libertarian' routine to ten thousand people. the old song and dance where you have someone tell you who they are. they're normally say 'i'm a democrat', 'i'm a republican', 'or i'm a centrist leaning xyz'. then you ask them to explain why, ask them a few questions. and generally 60%+ of the time what they describe is a libertarian. if you did this 10 years ago it was closer to 90% of people. "
"various va items that i can't recall off hand but remember reading about "
"i'm not a full blown trump supporter, but i don't automatically write off an idea with his name attached. the wall won't fix the immigration issue, but it will help. most people are here illegally due to expired visas. however, we don't have the man power to gaurd the entire border. i think there should be a wall in the areas where it's smart. you don't need a wall at the the top of a cliff. "
"then there's the fact that trends point to illegal immigration rising from other countries, mostly from asia, not mexico and central america. "
"wage stagnation, high consumer debt (student loan debt is probably the next big bubble), economic volatility from tariffs, uncertainty from trump in general, a disappointing jobs report last month, the current government shutdown over the wall... are all contributing factors to this latest downturn. "
"funny how the same people calling for a border wall to 'protect americans' are the same ones who called for the patriot act to also 'protect americans' "
"> there already is a border fence (slat steel barrier identical to the proposed wall) "
"*'but one of the key takeaways so far is that different parts of the border will require different types of wall.'* "
"another thing is that you don't provide any evidence that libertarians are actually overwhelmingly framing this as a pelosi shutdown.  (at least to the same degree that the other post's lay it at pelosi's, which is not much), and i haven't seen any large number of posts about pelosi outside of the memes i mentioned before, memes which necessarily hinged on the language that pelosi used, and so wouldn't make sense from any other perspective. even those posts aren't really suggesting that she's responsible for the possible shutdown, they're just talking about the phrase and how it would be great in our eyes. "
