"lol. please read about the things you intend to comment snidely on. "
"> the entire point is if bypassing land ownership and conservation is worth it. "
"> your views as to rather it is racist or not are likewise irrelevant. having viable borders is a foundational element of maintaining a nation and if you believe it is somehow racist for countries to do so, i wish you the best with that opinion. "
"these are just two examples of why i am not a republican despite growing up in a house that worshiped reagan and had rush limbaugh on every weekday. the party cares more about tweetable buzzwords than actually getting things done. how many times did sean hannity rant about saying the words, 'radical islamic terrorism' as if clicking your heels together and saying the magic words is going to magically make all the bad guys disappear. "
"there was literally a deal on the table lol:  "
"2: when we tried to actually build something significant they don't know if it worked "
"5 billion is not the wall he wants. this is dhs numbers for what he does want, without the maintenance included. "
"am i 'rebelling' against rush limbaugh? yeah, maybe. but i would argue that limbaugh supporting trump as much as he does is actually a change as well. reagan did not cozy up to dictators nor did he get involved in massive trade wars with endless tariffs or have to bail out farmers because his economic policies were hurting them. "
"can some trump supporter please defend his campaigning on mexico paying for a border wall and now saying we should pay for it without blinking an eye. i am all ears. "
"> further there are quite a lot of legal hispanic (and other) immigrants that aren't too excited about all of the people that are here illegally. even were that the metric we were to agree on, there's really no way of determining the net support until it is done. "
"for that, you best guess is here:  "
"paul ryan, kevin mccarthy urge border wall funding: "
"> the wall could be up to three-stories tall, with 18-foot steel beams rising from a concrete base. construction through the refuge could start in february, according to the san-antonio express news. "
"edit: i should say... my solution assumes that we're only talking about direct approaches. there are other ways we could reduce illegal immigration and improve border security that are indirect. "
"oh boy, let me go one by one: "
"the current president's approach to this issue exacerbates the problems we're currently facing. the main solution he's offered is an extremely inefficient and virtually ineffective border wall that does little to actually regulate illegal immigration. and as for internal enforcement, the people he's appointed to run and manage the current system have been absolutely incompetent. they've implemented poor solutions to deal with the crisis (child separation, allowing standards to fall by focusing on quantity rather than quality) and rather than admitting their error have doubled down on the failed policies. unfortunately, i'm not confident that trump understands this because rather than firing the people who allowed this to get out of hand, he's doubled down and tried to defend them. and all this was very apparent during his meeting with the democratic leadership. "
"trump: 'i'm proud to shut down the government' over border wall "
"as a parity you can look at other places who have built walls:  "
"i'm fundemtally opposed to border walls now, just like i was in east germany. in my belief, border walls serve not to keep people out, but to keep people in. "
"tl;dr: “build the wall’ is a sound bite, not an immigration policy. "
