"this would still be a more acceptable expenditure than a border wall to me. "
"what exactly are the facts that are in dispute here? the article is about trump wanting money for a border wall, and democrats not wanting to provide him with it. this impasse is resulting in a government shutdown, and very well may continue to do so until the house flips, and possibly even after that given the strengthened gop majority in the senate. "
"trump threatens to 'close southern border' if dems don't fund border wall "
"trump claims new trade pact will ensure mexico pays for border wall "
"so if that is a large concern to me and they say we will not vote for a bill that includes funding for pp, even if we have to shut down the government, then it would be in my favor and one of the reasons that i voted in that politician. "
"> finally, trump’s treasury secretary, steve mnuchin, recently announced that he had called a number of big bank leaders to ensure that “they have ample liquidity available,” and convened an emergency meeting of the nation’s top financial regulators. if there really is a financial crisis brewing, then this was appropriate. but if there wasn’t one, then moves like this -- which suggest the presence of financial turmoil -- could precipitate a crisis out of thin air "
"> mr. trump canceled his plans to travel for the holiday and is doubling down on using whatever means necessary to get funding for a wall, tweeting, 'we will be forced to close the southern border entirely if the **obstructionist democrats do not give us the money to finish the wall** also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our country is saddled with.' "
"2) continues to speak to that - this amount of money, which is not enough to be considered significant, has been spent on a number of other things that weren't targeted. again, this isn't about the money being problematic, it's questioning the motives behind this particular issue, because the money alone clearly isn't a problem. waste in spending is not the main thrust of the argument here. "
"i don't have a strong opinion about whether the wall is worth the cost (after all, 5-8 b is rough estimates for a 90% global reduction in tb, which is the world's leading infectious killer. is a border wall really more valuable than that? it's a hard sell.) but your argument that it won't reduce illegal border crossings because it's possible to circumvent is simply wrong. making it harder will almost certainly reduce the number of people who do it. "
"2) compromise. such as border fencing instead of a concrete wall. or a border wall, but only over a portion. "
"yes, but i think that there is a difference between doing a thing because it is necessary as the lesser evil of two options and bragging about it on t.v. (also, personally, as much as i agreed with the democrats on what they wanted with daca i still am not happy that they threatened a government shutdown over it because i consider such moves to be extorting the american citizens, but that's just me.) "
"and that will end that. "
"that comes very, very close to 'vote the way i want, or your pay gets cut.' "
"man who campaigned on another country paying for a border wall is upset when opposition party won't agree to have american taxpayers fund said border wall, so he calls them all obstructionists a couple weeks after admitting  "
"house adjourns, ensuring a government shutdown "
"congress could always vote to fund things individually. why not create a separate bill for the border wall and vote? it's the fact that there is one comprehensive bill that is uncontroversial, but that can't be passed because of political grandstanding that colors my prior comments. "
"really? "
"> it'd not be withheld, it'd be delayed. "
"we used to do that. then congress figured out that they can get their unpopular things through by tacking it on to a whole budget bill and say 'well, do you really want to shut the whole thing down over one tiny little funding thing?' "
"it seems to me government shutdowns are the last bastion of those who want smaller government. republicans have not been very successful at shrinking or cutting spending/programs via legislation, so the best they can hope for is to grind everything to a halt a few times a year in exchange for a some concessions. "
