"this gets brought up a lot, but the  states: "
"> as william c. banks, a syracuse university law professor pointed out in the new york times last year, there are two other laws give trump some wiggle room to move money around: the economy act of 1932, which could authorizes federal agencies to exchange supplies or services, and the feed and forage act, a 1799 law which allowed the military to buy essential supplies like clothing or medicine. but according to the new york times, “such an accounting trick has never been used to go around congress on such a large scale, mr. banks said.” "
"your source one says that the declaration of a national emergency has been renewed every year since 2001. are we actually under a national emergency right now? "
"in the case of the ag's ability to veto. yes. "
"yes,  of a house appropriations budget bill. "
"it states *executing* laws is prohibited unless exempted by congress (hence why the coast guard can do law enforcement, despite being the military). "
"it feels like threats of government shutdowns have become more commonplace in recent years. is that true or is it just selection bias since we only remember the recent happenings? how common has this been in us history? "
"first, let's address a common aspect. "
"because much like the 'troops to the border' charade against the migrant caravan, there is nothing prohibiting the deployment of troops within the us. "
"why do the democrats matter in the current government shutdown? "
"___ "
"now, why did i say that posse comitatus does not apply? "
"actually there is a gofundme page for funding the border wall... "
">in addition to the amounts provided in a regular appropriations measure, the president may request, and congress may enact, additional funding for selected activities, in the form of one or more supplemental appropriations measures (or supplementals). these have been used to provide funding for unforeseen needs, such as response to the terror attacks of september 11, 2001, and "
">the secretary of defense shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to ensure that any activity (including the provision of any equipment or facility or the assignment or detail of any personnel) under this chapter **does not include or permit direct participation by a member of the army, navy, air force, or marine corps in a search, seizure, arrest, or other similar activity unless participation in such activity by such member is otherwise authorized by law.** "
"so what does that mean? "
"except his reasoning for a border wall is because of a national security issue, so no wall = national security issue not resolved thus closing the border. "
"the house and senate versions are then reconciled as they must be voted on again in identical form. "
"this has its own negative effects over time, which cause increasing  today. cheap money leads to bubbles, inflation, and horrific market crashes. the way to avoid this is to gradually raise rates into economic strength. "
"is there instances that a opposition party or the president’s own party, whether it be bush, obama, or trump, have pushed back on what seems to be a power grab? "
