"u.s. government shutdown imminent as house of representatives adjourns "
"why don't you crowdfund the useless wall to that scam-artist with the rest of your buddies? because americans sure as fuck aren't paying for it. "
"'our members are asking how they are supposed to pay for rent, food, and gas if they are required to work without a paycheck,' david cox, the president of the american federation of government employees, said in a statement. 'the holiday season makes these inquiries especially heart-wrenching.' "
"graham is already using them as pawns for the $5 billion trump wants for the border wall. "
"but let's look at an example of more moderate republicans: my mother in law. "
"basically, he's handing ammo to the democrats right now, while giving the shaft to his party in the senate. he's torpedoing his own support, and his continued chaos is hurting the economy, about to hand strength over to other powers, and his new government shutdown, which he promises will continue until he gets his wall is quite the temper tantrum. this is all going to wear away at whatever power he still has, and makes his impeachment look more and more likely. mueller appears to be entering his end game, and the house gets to vote if there's an impeachment. if he continues to lose his support in the senate, it's all over. "
"then move to north korea. they’ve got an excellent border wall and almost no illegal immigrants! "
"from kavanaugh to the government shutdown – trump's 2018 lowlights "
"what repercussions do politicians face for these situations? "
"*opinion: what the death of a 7-year-old migrant says about this country* "
"according to your link the democratic party made huge compromises. more to the point, trump was definitely offered his wall for daca and he chose not to. "
"not exactly while we technically would split a vote 50/50 r/d - the border wall isn't exactly beloved by republicans in this state, not only is it a massive financial imposition (republicans hate those) but it also fucks with the ecosystem and is just not a logical or even slightly plausible solution. so while probably 50% would vote for stricter enforcement at the border and for immigration in general, not all of that group think a wall makes sense. so sure some not none, if you want my absolute literal answer, some people think titanic was just a movie and vaccines cause autism, but that 'some' does not represent a majority most texans i know hate that those few seem to be the representation we get recognition for. "
"‘somebody does need to challenge the president’: republican jeff flake calls for civility, says trump ‘owns’ the government shutdown "
"there's now a hilarious gofundme to build escalators over trump's border wall "
"and border walls are practical infrastructure i'm not sure how an inanimate object can be racist. "
"in tucson, arizona, illegal traffic dropped 92 percent. yuma, it dropped illegal traffic 95 to 96 percent. "
"the maginot line worked just as intended and diverted the german attack through the low countries. overestimating the impassability of the ardennes is what screwed over the defense. "
"how are drugs transported to the us? drones, trucks, planes, tunnels, submarines, shipping or right through customs? "
"sen cassidy fund border wall 'bit by bit' "
"a gofundme campaign is raising funds to pay for the border wall — and it has already raised more than $1 million "
