"examples given are obamacare which could have been repealed if he didn't fuck it up by demanding an unrealistic and impossible simultaneous replacement, and the border wall which had a 60 billion dollar plan penciled up by congress but he was busy screwing around picking fights with the nfl, banning muslim countries, hollaring at clouds and doing other inane shit instead of being focused on the goal he'd been whipping his base into a frenzy about for until it was suddenly too late. "
"> &quot;leader pelosi and i and probably sen. mcconnell would hope that the house would then consider passing the bipartisan, unanimously-passed bill senate,&quot; schumer said, referring to house democratic leader and senate majority leader. "
"trump is pulling out of syria against the advice of all expert advisers. "
"'illegal immigrants steal jobs from american citizens' bill clinton state of the union 1996 "
"ah, in that case the bill is dead and we’re heading for a government shutdown days before christmas while the trump admin is crumbling. meanwhile mitch and ryan will pretend like they haven’t looked at the news since 2016 and everything is just peachy. "
"yeah agree totally that it isn't a totally accurate comparison, but i can imagine trump finding some loophole to allow him to fire any striking workers or workers who attempt similar tactics. imagine if the government shutdown goes into february. "
"he did defend trumpet 's lie with n border wall construction, but that's pretty much the only thing i've seen him say. "
"you're honestly an epic dumbass if you think this border wall is going to happen. "
"they'll still vote republican, even without trump. he's just the fad right now, not the end-all be-all for republican voters. "
"please lord, let 2019 be the year we are free from trump as president. q1, preferably. "
"a government shutdown doesn't have to be the president's fault though "
"because that's what your 'feels not reals' claim is up against. "
"the short answer is their salaries are constitutionally protected as are those of the president and federal judges. "
">a month later, 10/15/68, his status was changed to '1-y', which means he's only qualified in time of war or national emergency. "
"compromise doesn't mean what you think it means. "
"almost like it’s being used to distract attention away from a crashing stock market, waves of republican election fraud, a government shutdown, children dying in us custody, and, treason... "
">“they are going to say, ‘who is going to pay for the wall, mr. president?’ to both of us, and we should both say, ‘we will work it out,’” trump says. “it will work out in the formula somehow. as opposed to you saying, ‘we will not pay’ and me saying, ‘we will not pay.’” "
"he was giving a press statement yesterday before the blowup with pelosi and chuck schumer and i had to stop watching because it was painfully garbled repetitious bullshit with little actually being said. "
"schumer and pelosi should have brought it up. "
"he does it again and again, and he caves again and again. there's a reason the wall wasn't built under a republican congress. trump is a terrible negotiator, and can't effectively lead when in almost absolute power. he has no plan, no strategy, no ideas for long-term border policy. giving him funds that we dont have for a wall we don't need is pointless, especially when he had the power to make it so and was still too inept to do anything but play the victim. why cave in to a constantly collapsing sink hole? "
