"sometimes the best alternative to a terrible idea is simply *not* the terrible idea. "
"how the hell is calling for impeachment obstruction under any sense of the word. do you not understand obstruction means blocking the process of justice? that's like saying the cop is committing obstruction by testifying against a criminal. "
"i am sure the cbp is biased for more funding and more resources. that fact is though, walls work. the data shows it. the people who are defending the border want better and more efficient walls. unless you don't care what is coming across the border, i don't see why people don't support it now as they did in the past. but i have a hunch. "
"this means this boondoggle of a wall that is in the worst parts of the desert still need to be manned by people who can reach any point of it within 5 - 10 minutes in order for it to make a difference. and that adds a lot of long-term costs. "
"it may be oversold. we really don't know the extent of the coordination. we do know that corporate broadcast media hung on trump's every word and basically ignored sanders as much as they could get away with. maybe it was just for ratings and profits, but there could have been other motives at play. "
"republicans continue to think they can extract concessions from democrats at the risk of responsible governing (debt ceiling, government shutdown). congress was already on the path of just punting the issue once again until trump got scared his base, the only thing keeping him safe, would revolt. that is the compromise being offered to avert a shutdown that neither side particularly likes. "
">people understandably thought that sanders had no chance because even the most liberal news organizations told them so. it's not coincidental that all of those organizations had more cozy relationships with hillary. that's not sour grapes, it's just the political reality. "
"so when you and the rest of the never trump caucus meet up, does chili’s need to use a party room, or will a ten top cover it? "
"and here's one that talks about how ~~65%~~ 44% of illegal immigrants are from overstaying visas (which is something a wall can not prevent)  "
"my concern is that chuck schumer may not be ambitious enough to play this kind of procedural hard-ball, even if there is a senate majority. you need to think in a multi-cycle, long-term way. "
"so 'only' more than half? "
">the swirl of recent days — a government shutdown, spiraling scandals, tumbling stock markets, abrupt troop withdrawals and the resignation of his alienated defense secretary — has left the impression of a presidency at risk of spinning out of control. "
"however, if this shutdown lasts two months that is going to destroy a lot of family’s savings because they still have to pay rent and bills and fees their families. "
">source:  "
"the us has a significant land dispute to overcome. "
"rubio could win in 2020 with the scenario i just described. "
"did nancy pelosi or chuck schumer call for impeachment? did tom perez? did multiple senators? "
"that said, they absolutely should not budget one millimeter if it's something stupid or pointless, something that goes against their ideals. like the wall. i'd rather have the government shut down for a month than have the democrats agree to help fund this stupid border wall. "
">“our house democratic majority will once again pass the dream act to end the uncertainty and fear inflicted on patriotic young men and women across the country,” pelosi said in her statement on saturday. “of course, we will meet our responsibility to provide strong, smart border security that serves our country’s needs, is consistent with our values, and doesn’t squander billions of dollars on a border wall.” "
"why is mexico so concerned about a border wall if they aren't effective? "
