">pelosi walked out (meeting) and returned to capitol hill to make jokes about trump’s manhood and utter the memorable description: “it goes to show you: you get into a tickle contest with a skunk, you get tinkle all over you.” "
"most americans would rather spend the $5 billion trump is demanding for the border wall on infrastructure, education, or healthcare. "
"foster introduces legislation to end congressional perks during government shutdown: members still able to access the taxpayer-funded gym, sauna, and steam room....janitorial staff are still required to clean the gym and restock it with towels and other “essential items. "
"trumpsters are easy marks for scams like border wall gofundme campaign "
"i've seen people who favor small government get excited about the government shutdowns because they assume we're saving money by not paying fed workers. then i explain that the workers sit at home for a few weeks doing nothing, and get their checks anyway. that message needs to get out more and i think you'll see political support for these shutdowns evaporate. "
"it's my understanding that government workers get back pay once the government starts back up. paychecks are delayed, not skipped. "
"a long-term solution would be to make government shutdown impossible, like in the rest of the world. "
"new rule: penalty for government shutdown "
">and as the cameras rolled, he quickly lost his cool, declaring he would be “proud to shut down the government”, trapped on live tv by his temper and the pincer movement of pelosi and the top democratic senator chuck schumer. "
"other coverage seems to have not reported: "
"jan. 20, 2018: "
"hearing on live tv that his plans would generate a 'trump shutdown', he lost it. "
"trump hopes the shutdown will mean house democrats can’t investigate him. there is no end in sight to president donald trump’s government shutdown, despite the fact that he is at substantial political risk and has little hope of getting his border wall…"
"**critics slam lawmakers who complained that their private gym doesn't have towels because of the government shutdown** "
