"border security president trump vs pelosi, schumer at explosive press briefing border wall budget "
"makes 0 sense. oh you didn't pay your border wall taxes? now were putting 75 illegal immigrants on your front yard. "
"and i'm so sick of hearing about this mexico paying for the border wall shit. we can't make mexico pay for the border wall if congress won't pass the damn bill. who do you think trump is? obama with his phone and his pen? "
"lmao, take it down a notch buddy. you aren't as clever as you think you are. i'm pro-immigration, very against the border wall, and i disagreed with most of u/wolfermen's points. but unfortunately you were incapable of making an argument without blatantly twisting his words to fit your own purpose. "
"how can voters make it more clear to gop reps that they need to stop being so cowardly? "
"republican congressman calls on trump to use own funds for border wall "
"it was a stupid promise but he's too full of himself to own up to it. it *might* have stood a chance of being built if trump didn't say that. "
"how is today any different from any other holiday weekend? obama had to go out of his way to make people feel a government shutdown. no one really notices. the government would have been shut down until thursday anyway. "
"daily reminder: 65 countries have border walls and so does nancy pelosi's backyard "
"useless wall? this sub has a post you can see that shows 65 countries have a border wall. nancy pelosi has a wall around her house. you are out of your mind if you believe s wall is useless. the argument that over stayed visas are the real problem with illegal immigration doesn't speak to the many people who fo walk across an unchecked border. drugs come across an unchecked border. you are wrong about democrats, they backed a border when it was obama that agreed it was a good idea. they are fighting trump, not the wall. go back to r/democrat. "
"i'm sorry, are you suggesting there's a border wall separating afghanistan from pakistan? "
"with the border wall in the news, how do you all feel about this short (but somewhat informative) video "
"since your civics teacher failed you i will help you out, any funding bill like this requires 60 votes in the senate. he wants 3.5 billion more for the wall i think the american people will come to the conclusion that both sides are being ridiculous as is what usually happens in government shutdowns. "
"israeli mayor: border wall with egypt eliminated illegal immigration in 2 years "
"gop takes victory lap around pelosi after passing border wall bill "
"it's also *illegal* for the government to take this money(iirc). so it's literally going to end up being refunded, or going to give this guy a happy christmas. "
" 8 years of controlling the house, 2 years of controlling the legislative and executive branch, yet planned parenthood is still being funded and the border wall isnt. i feel like the voters are just as responsible as the representatives who are to concerned with reelection than actually taking action. "
"conservatives are slamming trump for surrendering to the democrats on border wall funding "
"people are *desperate* to believe that the border wall will magically come, thanks to some random dude. "
"gop senators introduce bill to give trump $25 billion for border wall "
