"context for those who didn't get the joke:  "
"neither northern ireland not belgium were government shutdowns in the american sense since they have other options for continuing the budget without legislative approval. nothing went unfunded as a result, which is a big part of why those disputes can go on so long. "
"i think that the crowdfunding campaign to build the border wall is a good example of socialism. and it makes me feel really good inside."
"worst one is called csoki (cellular sales of knoxville inc) one of verizon's biggest ar partners. google csoki and fraud and you'll see what i mean. they do not pay you for your first 60 days! not a nickel. youre a 100% commission sales rep. you get nothing, you can even become indebted to the company. my old boss got high on coke and beat up a manager at an xmas party. it's a shit show. i sued when i left for $40k in back pay and only on $11k "
"i promise you it's an industry thing. i'll give you some context "
"the police is local/state government. not affected by the federal government shutdown. "
"i destroy charlie kirk's defense for a border wall "
"each major carrier (att/vzw/tmo/sprint) is full of authorized retailers who sell the service like most industries. difference is the ar's pick the pay structure and more importantly charge back structure of there individual company. i have been in wireless for 6 years almost, have worked for 4 different retailers and all of them have a chargback system. "
"how is it that a handful of select government social services count as the 'government shutdown' but the military doesn't? wall street is fine, money is still getting printed, my police department will still happily arrest me, they wont let my cousin out of jail even though he's innocent. but somehow the forest rangers getting fired and the statue liberty not accepting visitors is a 'government shutdown' anyway didn't they just give the military $50 billion more a year? take the wall money out of that budget less money to bomb syrian orphans the better "
