"democrats start gofundme to raise ladders for border wall — and it’s trending! "
"hillary voted for building a wall in the past. obama said immigrants need to learn english. "
"10 things to know about the government shutdown "
"13. maga on and realize how amazing, effective, and awesome it really is (***generations***) "
"that makes sense to me. the important thing to recognize in a democratic republic is that you won't always 100% agree with what is happening, and that's by design. it's highly unlikely that we would dissolve our military force (and i don't think anyone is really pushing for that anyway) and if they are active, they need something to do. while i do think that a border wall is very important, i think your position is fair in that you don't support the wall wholeheartedly, but you're not vehemently against it. these are the kind of concessions more people need to be willing to make. we can't have democrats and republicans fighting over everything just to spite each other. the number of actions in congress with bipartisan support over the last few decades is ridiculous. "
"imagine the border wall getting 4x higher each year. "
"'know when to walk away from the table.' the art of the deal "
"for example, a government shutdown does mean that the pelosi house can't launch witchhunts from the judiciary committee. or that they have to explain why they prioritize witchhunts over working with the senate/president. "
">“the president is continuing to negotiate with congress,” she stated. “obviously, he’s looking to have increased funding for border security — that is his priority and we’re going to find ways to get to that five billion dollars, and make sure that we increase funding not only for the physical barrier, but also for technology and for personnel.” "
"reverse image search turned up zero results, so it's not stock photos. i think there's really something to it, and it hitting early critical thresholds reinforces that. "
"> **'despite democratic obstruction, president trump is building the wall now, and he will play hardball with congress to ensure that the necessary funding.'** "
"usaf veteran starts a gofundme for a border wall. it takes off to #1 and facebook, twitter, and gofundme all try to suppress it. 'we are the top fundraiser right now and they removed it from the list. we were front and center on their homepage.' "
"fucking a! "
"clip of donald trump 'negotiating' with chuck schumer on border security "
"all i really needed to know about liberals and conservatives i learned from a government shutdown... "
"look at how quickly nancy got it out there. she was gleeful. like a mad scientist, rubbing her hands together, releasing her creation. "
"no continuing resolution, no govt funding "
"climate change = let's throw millions of dollars into the fire for no fucking reason whatsoever. "
"government shutdown! "
"this will force a filibuster right? so the visual over xmas will be dem senators filibustering to avoid government shutdown? "
