"ftfy! "
"this christmas if your disgusting amoral clinton and kennedy-lover friends try to spout nonsense on the border wall shut their feelings up with some facts "
"“imagine that it’s late 2019. trump’s approval ratings are at an all-time low. a disgruntled former employee has leaked documents showing that the trump organization was involved in illegal business dealings with russian oligarchs. the trade war with china and other countries has taken a significant toll on the economy. trump has been caught once again disclosing classified information to russian officials, and his international gaffes are becoming impossible for lawmakers concerned about national security to ignore. a few of his republican supporters in congress begin to distance themselves from his administration. support for impeachment spreads on capitol hill. in straw polls pitting trump against various potential democratic presidential candidates, the democrat consistently wins. "
"trump: military will build border wall if democrats don’t vote for it"
"here the most extreme scenario the author could imagine: "
"firing you for attempting to unionize is illegal under the national labor relations act. if you can draw the clear connection, you'd be guaranteed back pay and reinstatement of your job after you win in court. "
"the border wall should serve one purpose and one purpose only: keep the us contained. it's too dangerous to be allowed to spread. "
"this article goes through some of the most extreme executive powers in times of emergency, explains how they can be invoked, which checks are in place to regulate presidential overreach and how we got to this point. "
"*“we had to puncture that cocoon, and he threw a tamper tantrum because of it. ...the president's advisors should have been telling the president the truth all the long. and too many, unfortunately, of my republican colleagues here in the senate and in the house seem too afraid to tell the president when he's wrong,” schumer said.* "
">the ugly truth is you cannot bring in low skilled, low iq migrants and hope they will be able to fit into high tech societies where automation is increasing. "
"this holiday season, about 2,000 employees working basic government jobs like housekeeping and security are all not getting paid as a result of the shutdown: “my supervisor told me we won’t be getting paid, so my bills won’t be getting paid,” one state department cleaner said matter of factly. "
"and now they want to spend $5b on a fucking unnecessary border wall (oh, by the way, who was supposed to pay for that?). "
"conservative news headlines 12/23/18: government shutdown, dow plummets, borderwall, syriawithdrawal , gun buy back, and maddogmattis resignation "
"but that's the fault of republicans, not conservatives! (who just happen to vote republican). "
">are part of the same society and must find ways to effectively collaborate in spite of this "
"the border was fine before trump came along. this military shit is nothing more than a political stunt at taxpayer expense. the majority of people who are here without proper documentation are ones who overstayed visas, like trump's third wife. a border wall won't do shit to stop that. "
"trump reacts. unfazed by his own brazen hypocrisy, he tweets that iran is planning a cyber operation to interfere with the 2020 election. his national-security adviser, john bolton, claims to have seen ironclad (but highly classified) evidence of this planned assault on u.s. democracy. trump’s inflammatory tweets provoke predictable saber rattling by iranian leaders; he responds by threatening preemptive military strikes. some defense department officials have misgivings, but others have been waiting for such an opportunity. as iran’s statements grow more warlike, “iranophobia” takes hold among the american public. "
"ocasio-cortez: if us has $5.7 billion for trump's border wall, what about education, healthcare, and green jobs? "
"it's not republicans, it's corporate overlords! (who just happen to directly benefit and become stronger from republican philosophies like trickle-down economics and weakened restrictions on money in politics). "
"california needs to build a border wall and make arizona pay for it! "
