"why the fuck is the us government set up in a way that allows government shutdowns? what inbred gibbon legislated this into the system? same for requiring a vote to raise the debt ceiling. why the hell is this allowed to happen? "
"'the border wall should not get made because it will not work and people will find a way in anyway' "
"donald trump says us government shutdown will continue until he gets a border wall "
">ajit pai working at verizon is a pretty good indicator of how he would vote. there were plenty of reasons to block his nomination. "
"the border between hungary and serbia is 175 kilometers long. this is 5% the length of a wall needed to cover the us southern border. the 2200 mile border wall would not be able to be full patrolled easily and rapidly. the idea that these migrants would then seek a less protected route is also wrong as their destination is the us. "
"all the most upvoted posts there are either about the government shutdown vote or trump leaving because he's a putin puppet... "
"you haven't won a war for nearly a century. just because you have the worlds most powerful military funded at the expense of your populations access to healthcare, tertiary education, and other basic rights which every other western nation has, doesn't mean that you're the greatest country in the world. your government is currently shut down because your businessman president couldn't make a deal he promised he could regarding his xenophobic and comical 'border wall', and any power you may have is completely useless when the us stands impotently by when saudi arabia murders us permanent residents or russia shoots down passenger planes and annexes impartial territory, north korea shoots missiles into neighbouring territory, or any number of geopolitical issues that the us could stand up to but chooses not to. greatest country my ass, if we *are* talking about recent memory, then the us is as insignificant to the world as any of the countries you listed because they do nothing with all of their resources and then complain that all other countries don't hold them in higher regard or owe them favours. i think the us forgets that the only time which natos mutual defence clause has ever been triggered was in support of the united states, yet please do tell me more about how much you do for the planet.... "
"hungary and israel put in border walls within the past 5 years. "
"trump hits back at kelly over border wall: it was ‘never abandoned’ "
"every other living expense where does the money come from? sorry everyone can't be some hippy commune and everything is equal it isn't realistic hence they always have failed. if i shoot some one i shouldn't be treated like an animal but i also should be punished in some way. "
"the us government shutdown could delay subsidies for farmers already ravaged by trump’s trade war "
"this is the best tl;dr i could make,  reduced by 87%. (i'm a bot) "
"> the same tom wheeler who considered that, listened to the complaints that people had "
"repeal alternative means tax. "
"still, the fence they voted for is not as substantial as the wall trump is proposing. trump himself called the 2006 fence a 'nothing wall.' "
"1. far more representative system, with a myriad of parties, instead of just two. "
">a border wall *improvement project* there has been completed. "
"just remember, reagan's amnesty was proposed by democrats, and only agreed to on the inclusion of a border wall to deter future immigration. the democrats defunded that part immediately after the bill was signed. "
"why would that help if most of the people in the country illegaly don't cross the border illegaly, and instead overstay legal visas? a border wall will do nothing to deter immigration and will only serve as an environmental catastrophy and absurd waste of money, time and resources. as somebody living near the border, do you not realize that there is already a gaint fence along most of the border, as well as hundreds of miles of inhospitable desert, and a multi million dollar survelance network of drones and modern military techology monitoring the entire length. views on immigration aside, wanting a concrete wall along the entire border shows a near child-like understanding of border issues and how unlawful immigration actually happens, or how it could actually be prevented. "
"the merits of sanctioning these companies are up for debate, but trump is not a god damn king. he does not get to just wave his hand and his guards drag people to the guillotine. "
