"i find it hilarious that people rage about $25m spent on an investigation into treasonous activity yet are perfectly ok with spending billions on a border wall that can be defeated with a $30 ladder. "
"clarification: if the shutdown happens, then the blame lies on democrat senators, who refuse to pass "
"sen. jeff merkley (d-ore.) said in an interview sunday knocked president trump’s proposed border wall, saying that democrats will not spend money on “4th century strategy” as a partial government shutdown stretches into its second day. "
"there are *many* looking forward to a civil war because of the unique opportunity it would provide to right several wrongs. "
"i do believe the us should make it easier to come legally though "
"more than 100,000 people give to border wall gofundme "
"the dow jones industrial average ended 2.0 percent lower at 22,859.60, a loss of 460 points. "
"dems are for border security. the wall isn’t border security. the wall won’t solve the problem, even a little bit. the billion dollar cartels will not be stopped by a wall. they have the resources to find another way. the migrants mostly come with visas and overstay. the wall will stop what few people make the suicide trip through the gaps in the current border wall/fence combo. literally, we already have physical barriers of some kind near population centers, and the desert and rough terrain take care of the rest. "
"making this meme truthful. "
"so in summary, is illegal immigration from the mexican border a problem? yes it is. can the birder wall solve that problem, at least in part? yes it likely can. "
"it wouldn't be useless. it's been proven around the world that border walls do significantly reduce illegal immigration. it certainly wouldn't stop all of it, but it's a promising option for people who are concerned about the effects of illegal immigration. now, whether it would be cost-effective is a totally different conversation. "
"when you criticize israel for having a border wall that reduced ant-semitic terror attacks by >90% it reasonable to interpret that as antisemtism. "
"poll: americans want trump to compromise on border wall amid possible shutdown "
"pelosi reportedly said she was 'trying to be the mom' in the room when she and senate minority leader chuck schumer, d-n.y., debated border security with trump, which led the president to threaten a government shutdown. "
"glad to hear that where i live dictates my opinions relevancy, real sound logic there. "
"'the us stock market has tumbled again this week as the federal reserve’s latest interest rate hike and the threat of a partial us government shutdown fueled investor anxieties. "
"previously, fact-checkers at the washington post measured falsehood using the “pinocchio test,” which rates politicians and political candidates on a scale of one to four. “four pinocchios” is given to a politician for making a false statement. "
"1)that's moving the goal posts. he specifically said middle class tax cuts. which never happened or was even discussed in congress. "
"why should anyone pay attention to people like this, esp if they think house dems have the authority to go into someone’s tax returns? "
"in order to receive the “dubious distinction” of a bottomless pinocchio, a politician has to receive three or four pinocchios and repeat a claim at least 20 times. "
