"est-ce que vous des maritimes font des préparations pour l'ouragan florence? "
"- the maratimes benefiting from the misery of others. "
"they also claimed responsibility for the huge mass shooting in las vegas. then it turned out that the shooter was a white non-muslim and they went silent about it. isil would claim responsibility for hurricane florence if there was any chance at all people would believe them. they are playing people like you for fools. "
"felt like an idiot for believing that idiot when i turned to cnn and saw that the wind was blowing 76 mph and they were reporting at the time 3 dead. "
"a very americentric view you have. i shall remove the idea of beaches of any kind, because that’s the last place i want to be on holiday, but america did not invent sand. brazil has wonderful beaches if you’re into that sort of thing. i will not address the girl issue either as i prefer grown men to girls and for what it’s worth swedish men, dutch men, german men, french men, arab men... but here’s another list: "
"when that happened we were more down to business. the other pilot was flying the airplane so i was on the radios, configuring the airplane for him, and running checklists. we approached a little faster than normal to account for sudden lost in airspeed due to gusts and wind shear, and broke out of cloud at around 400 feet. "
"the stormcell that moved through ontario was the reminants of hurricane florence, it's not impossible climate change has an affect. "
"as we got closer we received pilot reports of moderate turbulence (we categorize in light, moderate, or severe) and wind shear (fast changes in wind direction or speed) during the approach so we decided to have the flight attendants prepare the cabin early. the final checks are normally called for at 10,000 feet (you’ll hear a pilot say something like “flight attendants prepare for arrival” on the pa), but we called ahead around 15,000 feet so they would be seated before we got into the worst of it. "
"> on top of all this isis claimed responsibility and you have to prove they didnt have anything to do with it and there's nothing being shown to the public. "
"the last bits of hurricane florence are just hitting southern ontario. possible explanation but i'm no meterologist. "
"the tate, the british museum, the v&a, the louvre, the orsay, the hermitage, the atle, the pergamon, rijksmuseum, the roman colosseum, the acropolis, versailles... man u, man city, chelsea, everton, liverpool, real madrid, juventus, 6 nations rugby, football, football, football. "
"london, edinburgh, dublin, paris, marseille, berlin, amsterdam, copenhagen, reykjavik, rome, florence, venice, istanbul, barcelona, madrid, marrakech, valletta, tenerife, cape town, rio de janeiro, são paulo "
"that depends on the level of wealth. millions? yes. billions and up? not really. "
"we are massively effected by what is happening in the usa. many people are interested in things such as hurricane florence and have friends and family that are affected by it. "
"like another user mentioned, we don’t want to fly through the heavier parts of the storm. we use weather radar before departing and then a weather radar onboard the aircraft to “paint” cells of heavy precipitation. the more dangerous and turbulent parts of a storm are generally depicted by heavy precipitation so we avoid them at all costs. our dispatcher planned an extra 800 lbs of fuel for us to divert as needed. they also planned us two alternates in case we couldn’t make it into ottawa. depending on where we were we planned to go to montreal or toronto. "
"it's great here in nova scotia, though most of our warm weather was pushed up from hurricane florence. "
"we were a little more thorough with our contingency planning before we started our descent, figured out where weather was so if we had to go around we weren’t scrambling in turbulence to program a new approach or route to an alternate, and started down. on a clear day we will talk about what our plan is, but this time it got right down to things like covering our minimum fuel before diverting, pre-loading radio frequencies for another approach, checking the route to our alternates and etc. "
"once we started our approach we worked with air traffic control to plan a route down through the storm to stay away from the heavy precipitation and severe turbulence, and pulled our straps tight. we got rocked around quite a bit at times but it’s something we live for. i think we both had pretty big grins on our faces the whole way down until we were cleared for the final approach. "
"as a winnipegger it fucking sucks. temps range between 40 to -40 celsius now. "
"i had a cousin (he's going to college for journalism no less) that confidently reported on fb that 76 people had died a few hours after florence had made landfall. "
