"no this is completely false and unhistorical. the refusal to fulfil what was pledged at florence was almost immediately an unavoidable reality once the decisions of the council reached constantinople, a while before the turks ended the byzantine empire. the monks, regular clergy and people of constantinople absolutely refused to heed what their superiors had negotiated, and it soon had to be abandoned as considered policy. you forget, or don't know, that it was the monks whom were the most revered and respected christian figures in the east, and they were always, and have always been, the most fiercely anti-catholic and anti-western voices in orthodox history: the emperor and patriarch were never going to be able to sell the compromise, because of these factors: the populace would follow the monks cue: which was refusal to recognise legitimacy of the attempted union. the fact that your comment has 10 up-votes despite being totally wrong is worrying. "
"-you can try looking at , which is a book that contains important magisterial documents). it's a theological textbook and can be quite technical, but it's very useful for finding the sources of catholic teachings. "
"the whole idea of baptism of blood just takes god out of the equation. if someone's on their way to baptism and dies and he really wished to be baptised did you think god would allow that? for a soul to be cast to hell for not recieving the graces of baptism, something which said person was just about to recieve does not seem like the actions of the god of abraham. seems to me more like what a presbyterian god would do if a non-elect seeked baptism. no; i doubt god would ordain someone's death if he knew they'd die before going and finding salvation. "
"ordinarily, when i see a claim like this, i ask for an example. however, you quickly provided an example, so props to you. except i don't think what you provided is a contradiction -- not in tone and not in meaning. let's see why. "
"council of florence "
"oh, and if you search for fr. klappes on academia.edu, he's a byzantine catholic who researches the (presently dim) possibility of catholic and orthodox unity. there's a paper he wrote about (coughsaintcough) mark of ephesus at the council of florence that you'd like, it delves into the council's *acta*, so you can see in their own words the actual filioquist argument that the romans gave to mark and why he rejected their speaker's argument as heretical (which it was, even by roman standards). note that st. mark's perception of the papacy is actually *not* as antagonistic as many contemporary orthodox (at the popular level) would assume. "
"if you want to read an actual historical rendering of this whole process, and not some hardcore catholic propaganda view (i return your polemical tone with my own!), read steven runciman's monograph on the byzantine church, one of the foremost scholars of the period and polity. but heck, even wikipedia presents the actual facts of the council and its eastern reception better than you do. "
"catholic doctrine is defined in response to heresy. there's no point making a declaration on something when everyone agrees about it. the catholic canon was established universally until luther started tossing bits of it, so trent needed to reaffirm what was stated at florence (1431) and the synod of carthage (397). carthage defined the canon--or else one may argue that the new testament canon was not defined until trent, either. "
" both the orthodox and roman catholic church have valid sacraments and valid apostolic succession (you could argue that rome has a questionable claim with the history of the papal office being split between multiple popes at one time, anti popes, political sales of the seat.) really that's the important part, the sacraments are valid, the succession is real. "
"lucky duck! florence was my favorite place in italy "
"> i'm coming to the conclusion that the history of the church is messy. "
"ecumenism is part of catholic tradition. we've been doing it since long before the donatists, and we'll keep doing it long after the protestants. because it is good and holy to identify good things that we share in common, and pray/work for increased unity through those things. "
" but prior to those two councils there was the 4th council of constantinople (which is often considered the 8th ecumenical council in the east because delegates of the roman bishop were present) where the filioque was formally denounced as heresy. also this council was to repair a schism with the west where the pope at the time tried to exercise authority over the east and strip photeus of his bishophood. and it was repaired because the bishop of rome didn't have that authority. "
"it's not strange to me, because ecumenism doesn't say or imply 'this other religion can save you.' as the quote you provided demonstrates, ecumenism is about 'cooperat[ing] with [our] separated brethren' and 'a common profession...of faith in god and in jesus christ.' hmm... sounds a bit like the council of trent doesn't it? after all, trent was the council who said this about protestants: "
"> the catholic church firmly believes, professes, and proclaims that those not living within her, not only pagans, but also jews, heretics, and schismatics, cannot become participants in eternal life but will depart 'into everlasting fire which was prepared for the devil and his angels' (mt. 25:41), unless before the end of life the same have been added to the flock... (council of florence, dz 714). "
"baptism of desire is simply wrong. again, it takes god out of the picture. if someone truly wishes to be saved and know god, the holy spirit will find a way to get him in the church. if someone can be saved simply by desiring to know god then there's no need for the church we can all just really really really want to be with god, follow our inner conscience and boom, you'll be saved because... reasons. "
"edit: there's also the forth lateran council: 'there is but one universal church of the faithful, outside which no one at all is saved.' "
"for everyone affected by hurricane florence-especially inmates that will not be evacuated. "
"augustine confirms the canon in chapter 8/paragraph 13 . "
"there is clearly a severe departure of tone and meaning of that and this: "
