"how does this compare with other search engines? "
"and when the recovery after hurricane florence goes more smoothly, you just know that the media is going to say it's because trump is racist. i bet they already have the draft articles written. "
"remember how it was all doom and gloom and florence was trumps fault and they had decided prior to landfall that the amount they would get was disastrous? they forgot all about that and instead focused on 'muh golf course.' and when called on that line of reasoning, they fell back on 'local response and authorities get the credit, not trump. he didn't do anything,' totally forgetting that he was at fault for maria, not local response. "
"um.. really??? if they are going to push that narrative, perhaps they can provide some numbers in their report to show that.. would love to see it "
"media politicize florence, blame trump for storms, predict mass death "
"dept of defense readies 9,700 troops for hurricane florence response. pentagon standing by with manpower and supplies for the carolinas "
"do you believe it was a photo taken ten years ago, or have you been taken in by the headline claiming it's an example of him 'hyping #hurricaneflorence' as well? "
"al gore’s hurricane florence claim debunked by scientists "
"it's a one way street with these people. "
"trump has done a remarkable job with florence. "
"hannity says trump will fire mueller after florence passes "
"no need to: "
"are we harming the environment in some capacity? i can get behind this sentiment. "
"pres. trump to visit areas affected by florence - one america news network "
"one other thing that complicates this issue is that there are few articles or outlets that are neutral in their coverage of trump. most of them put negative spin on everything. "
"hurricane florence: washington post declares trump is 'complicit' for dangerous storm "
"to be fair, there's nothing to compare your results to. "
"agreed, though i do like that he has been tweeting a lot about florence. people need to be prepared and ready to evacuate if necessary "
"i’m not saying it’s 3000, i’m saying it’s probably more than a few dozen. for sure more people than that were crushed, drowned, etc. "
"donald trump predicts democrats will lie about hurricane florence response "
