"as far as wanting to die, when you get shot, you tend to shoot back. the only scenario they could threaten the guard is if they get into the second prison, but by then they would only be one or a few, and would not have any firearms. "
"and all of this are the safety measures for it's regular inmates. if they had an american, you can bet they would be massively increased. "
"the security process before getting in takes a full hour. if an alarm is declared, you have the entire correctional staff of a 1000 inmate facility on your ass. you're going to get patted down, pass a metal detector, have to put your belongings in a locker, get your passport and travel documents and records checked, and more, before you even step foot into the actual prison. "
"in that case, they might be able to draw a pistol, but then you have one to three operatives armed with a pistol and without armor, against 29 corrective officiers, some armed with rifles, and against a whole other, much larger prison, with body armor and rifles. "
"the last time there was a fire in the kitchen, a helicopter was called in to make sure nothing would happen. "
"did i say 14 inmates? that at was at it's peak. there are now 6 inmates, and the number of staff did not decrease. that's right. "
"the only way your scenario is plausible is if they manage to get inside, without alerting anyone, without getting their weapons detected, and then somehow exit the first prison, not be detected, exit the second prison, not be detected, etc... "
"additionally, purely statistical models might fail in developing quantitative relationships between climate change indicators (global average temperature) and tropical cyclones, at least for the near-future. there's just too much variance, records don't go far back enough, and data are increasingly not stationary (that is, the various metrics to establish trends are themselves trending/changing). "
"it is much more fortified: physically it's a literal castle, as far as security measures it's a high security prison inside a high security prison. there is also a much much much higher ratio of correctional officers to prisoners than even the adx florence supermax in the us, at 29 to 14, while adx florence is at 918 inmates to 750 staff members (staff memebers, including administration, cooking, suport staff, etc.. not only co, the icc detention units is at 54 staff members to 14 inmates). "
"it's not as speculative as you think, but the caution has to do more with media narratives than science. if we trust computational models and physics in general, then there're good process-based arguments for climate change effects on tropical cyclone activity. e.g. increased sea temperature -> increased atmospheric water vapor (and consequently more fuel for tropical cyclones) and/or increased atmospheric temperature gradients -> increased wind shear (and consequently higher likelihood of cyclones dissipating energy/losing structure). that all said, these seemingly contradictory arguments certainly don't give us much (narrative) confidence in saying one direction or the other. "
"there is absolutely no likelihood that more than three people would be armed with anything more than a pistol and get trough to the inner prison. if they were heavily armed, they would fail the first pat-down, before even entering the icc detention facility, and be arrested or killed. if they aren't, then they wouldn't be allowed to go in as part of a large group, as only family visits are allowed, and they are infrequent and dont allow you for more than a few people. "
"lol wtf are you smoking. there is no way they are going to let anyone visit before a pat down for weapons, and thats at the bigger prison. so you would be detected before you even get into the real prison. "
"it has a much much bigger budget than other european prisons. "
