"shirtless man stares down hurricane florence with american flag in hand: 'just being free and american' "
"those aren't sufficient when it comes to disaster preparation, just look at florence. is everyone able to get what they need from fema and charities? no. so we've still got a problem. "
"ready to take on florence! praying for the best whole also prepared for another historic hurricane relief effort if needed! "
">i’ll ignore the fact that you neglected to answer my question "
"saving pets without a permit: good samaritan arrested after helping animals survive florence "
"a gofundme has been re-established for hurricane florence relief. it was used previously for harvey, too. let's help our neighbors! "
"hurricane florence: some u-haul locations offering 30 days free self-storage for those in path of florence "
"trump still insisting on hurricane death toll lower than actual numbers, and florence isn't even over yet "
"no i meant distributing as in how economic systems determine how to distribute scarce resources, capitalism is based on wealth for example people buy and sell. i'm saying during a disaster that shouldnt be the case because people's lives are at stake and thats more important than someone making a quick buck. "
"^the linked tweet was tweeted by  on sep 15, 2018 22:42:10 utc (11901 retweets | 57972 favorites) "
"saving pets without a permit: good samaritan arrested after helping animals survive florence "
"his public speaking skills suck, but aren't people mostly agreed that florence dropped way more rain than normal for a storm of its strength, causing unusually severe flooding? "
"trump calls florence 'one of the wettest we've ever seen from the standpoint of water'"
"“a never-ending commitment”: in the wake of hurricanes like florence, the u.s. government pays to dump truckloads of sand onto eroding beaches. north carolina beaches have been renourished over and over. carolina beach has been replenished 31 times since 1955. "
"as we speak, hurricane tropical storm florence is still pounding the carolinas and threatening to push weathermen off their feet. meanwhile, cnn already has someone to blame for the whole thing. i’ll clue you in on who it is. he’s orange, has tiny hands, and lives on pennsylvania avenue. "
"------------------------------------------------- "
"fema may not be prepared for hurricane florence, but waffle house is "
"trump should sway his traitorous ass into solitary at adx florence where his treason belongs "
"2 female mental health patients die in back of police van fleeing florence floods "
"criminal charges for north carolina woman who sheltered pets during florence "
