"lol. ever since wapo described trump as 'complicit' about hurricane florence the internet has been submerged in people wanting to sound intelligent by using it whenever they can. it's the new version of surreal. its adorable. "
"hey i think i can provide some clarification here! i'm currently working a $27 million fema funded grant in florida to provide case management for those who are still displaced or have damage resulting from hurricane irma. puerto rico is getting a similar grant (the dollar amount will likely be different since it is based on the number of affected households, damage sustained, etc.) and they are in the process of getting it up and running currently. fema is pulling out their direct assistance (like hotel rooms and trailers) since it has now been a year since the storms happened, and local community organizations and businesses are picking up where they left off. most counties here in florida have at least one long term recovery group, and organizations like the red cross, salvation army, catholic charities, and habitat for humanity are also providing ongoing assistance. puerto rico will also be developing these kinds of recovery groups to provide further mitigation. "
"homeland security shifted $10 million from fema to fund immigrant crackdown, senator says as hurricane florence bears down on us"
"obviously this grant has been needed for a year now and the fact that it is only now filling positions is an issue, but these people have not been forgotten about, at least by their community recovery groups and these national non-profit organizations. fema is currently turning their resources to the carolinas in the wake of hurricane florence, and their solution to halting direct response is the funding of these grants. millions of people applied for fema assistance after the 2017 hurricane season, and the bulk of them have been able to have some form of recovery. many families who evacuated to florida from puerto rico have found permanent housing here. unfortunately these 987 families are not in that same position, but i think it's worth noting that there has been significant work happening over the past year and communities are dedicated to continuing to provide aid until full recovery is made. "
"eta: i think a big obstacle is that people aren't aware of what assistance is available to them. these families likely qualify for assistance but don't know about it or how to access it. fema is a federal organization and doesn't have a ton of contact with local community assistance groups, and they also don't provide long-term case management, so if their only contact has been with fema they aren't being told about the options that are out there. "
