"and it looks like they may get a soaking from the remnants of florence. i wish them good luck. "
"if only this were true in a literal sense. it would at least bring some people a small amount of joy. "
">rep. don beyer (d-va.)  headlines describing four recent dire headlines about hurricanes, including one describing hurricane florence as 'the storm of a lifetime.' "
"now it would be another 3 years before i'd see my son. never really won that game of fuck fuck. no one ever accused me of abuse or neglect or being unfit, outside of my ex wife. but the state lit a fire under her ass. being scrutinized got both their shit together. i know because i monitored them. fuck yea i snooped i'm ed snowden without the 'fleeing to russia like a coward' shit when it comes to the people i love. i watch them like a hawk and if you're working with them closely you better believe i've doxxed you like i was mister fuckin robot. "
"it's a heartwarming idea, but there's no way he'll be going to leavenworth or adx florence or something. he'll do his time at a low security 'club fed' for white collar and other non-violent convicts. "
"florence helped reduce trump's base who were brainwashed into the whole fake news hurricane alerts. "
"what an idiotic comment. do you have the names of the those dead from florence? katrina? from abusive exes or those stabbed for no reason? "
"your thursday evening news briefing: hurricane florence, trump, brett kavanaugh "
"and what exactly have you accomplished? "
"trump prepares for hurricane florence with hype, conspiracy theories, and grievances "
"yes, he technically never said anything about florence; he just posted a picture of anderson cooper reporting about a hurricane immediately after hurricane florence and while hurricane maria was back in the news, saying that cnn is lying to make donald trump look bad: "
"as hurricane florence approaches, trump trapped in tornado of lies "
"well hugo is the 'most intense tropical cyclone to strike the east coast north of florida since 1898' . "
"that said, let's look at juniors tweet. ' stop lying to try to make  look bad. ' "
"the epa is now monitoring 40 toxic sites in hurricane florence’s path. "
"your submission `trump tells hurricane florence survivor 'at least you got a nice boat out of the deal'` was automatically removed because `m.huffpost.com` is not on our approved source . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source. domains must: "
"some people familiar with the order said it was in part intended to stave off more forceful legislative offerings from congress, where a number of lawmakers have sought in recent months to impose tougher sanctions on russia over election interference. "
">what i love about this, is cooper coming from the vanderbilt family, old huge money, and he's just total class "
"[edit: as an example of scaling and heading off problems, this morning, we added a giant chunk of aws server assets (enough to serve about 250,000 users) as a potential redundancy check against any regional outages due to hurricane florence. this isn't just about the website; it's also emergency sip and network connectivity. that doesn't solve anything for area infrastructure that's compromised in the storm, but it limits any cascading impacts.] "
"trump asks about site of his golf club during florence briefing "
