"i say this because i love this movement and i love all of you guys, to the point i'd fucking kill for you and die for you even if i don't know your name. but we need to stop fucking fighting amongst ourselves and get our hands dirty. look at what the sra did, they sent a convoy of supplies to the victims of hurricane florence. they did something! we can all do the same instead of fighting all the time. "
"florence will bring the party within a few hours. gee, i wonder what kind of a shit-show will surface "
"if we won't die from climate change (florence ain't even the worst - mother nature just flexing) and starvation change then we'll be dead by the time global collapse or something more sinister like a nuclear holocaust. this is the ripe time for the revolution. and yet we sit and argue about the most bullcrap thing whether marx or bakunin or bordiga was right. we are at the fucking end of the ride. capitalism is dying and this is our chance to prove to the proletariat that we worth something. i am willing to die for the revolution and i'm prepared my whole life for it. yet the bullshit of infighting between the left for whom ideology is purest or who is the best is the biggest obstacle we are facing. "
"to the comrades in the comment section fighting other lefties: we are still living within a capitalist system, we still work under the capitalist mode of production, we still are the cogs of a neo-colonial proto-facist genocide machine. we can argue about theory yes, but to not call others on the left your comrade? "
"the tweet was referring to people fleeing nc to go to neighboring states to avoid hurricane florence. "
"urgent: hurricane florence phone zap - force state to evacuate prisoners - the campaign to fight toxic prisons "
"to add to this, this is a picture taken when people were preparing for at the time hurricane florence. which, by all standards, is completely normal for grocery stores to run out of perishable foods. "
"urgent call: pressure authorities to evacuate prisoners from path of #hurricaneflorence "
"note: am communist. am mlm. am depressed by the fighting on these subs. "
"south carolina did not evacuate its prisons for hurricane florence, and those inside are bracing for the worst "
"do you not realize that while you fight your pointless fights people are fucking dying? in america we have african americans getting gunned down by police daily and ,my people, mexicans getting kidnapped, raped, and murdered by agents of the state. in the philipines we have people killed by a neo-facist state led by a maniac who calls hitler his hero while amerikkka sells him the weapons to do so. not to mention the same weapons are used to slaughter innocents in yemen. and it breaks my heart to mention that my family in mexico has to hear daily the violence perpretrated by the cartels and the government that enables that violence. "
"hurricane florence | the usa needs to learn from anarchists and communists about disaster relief (video) "
"yesterday here in virginia we had eight tornadoes touch down in the central part of the state. that plus florence maaaaay be why the shelves are being cleaned out. "
"feeling a little on edge today. a lot of my loved ones live right at florence's bullseye. my sister's coming up to stay with me in pa, thankfully but most of my closest family and friends are either not accounted for (i haven't heard directly from them) or they're going to hunker down. "
"i lived in eastern north carolina for 14 years of my life. i always worried about the 'big one' and we had some big ones during my time there (matthew broke flooding records we didn't think would be touched for centuries - *gotta love that climate change*). i wanted to leave as soon as i moved down there due in part to the hurricanes. but this is it. this is the one that might shatter all the worst records. "
"sc drowns prisoners in florence flood, as expected"
"if you're a religious person (i'm episcopalian myself though i lean heavily toward the 'liberation theology' end of the spectrum), i'd appreciate your prayers. otherwise, please spare a thought or two for the folks that are going to be hit hardest by this storm. hurricanes are unpredictable but all signs point to florence wrecking our shit on a level we've never seen. "
