"i guess trump commandeered haarp from the deep state. what a hero! "
"the tone was like 'oh well, gotta stay in business' and a vegan came in and was like, 'would you say oh well if they had locked a bunch of peoples pet dogs in a shed to drown?' boom like -1,000 votes almost instantly when all the person was doing was pointing out that the farmers caused needless suffering. they didn't send the pigs to slaughter, they didn't put them down themselves, they didn't move them... they just let thousands of animals drown in terror during a hurricane and the tone of the thread was 'oh well'. "
"it also brings in massive amounts of traffic to the site. for that alone it will never go away until all of reddit goes away "
"one came with a 1998 radio shack radio worth $20 and i paid for a $411 uniden digital scanner. "
"a nuclear plant braces for impact with hurricane florence "
"i'd like to thank q for sending us this enlightened individual to awaken all of us sheeple. "
"this is only an example but the other day there was a thread about the florence flooding and how some farmers locked their pigs indoors so they would drown so the farmers could collect insurance money rather than dealing with the hassle of moving pigs or rehabilitating pigs that got sick. "
"reminds me of an article where the police chased some suspects who got themselves into a predicament and died, the article finished with; ‘none of the suspects have been charged’. "
"tl;dr: local solar plus battery is king in disasters. the grid crashes and power plants can be taken offline due to damage. "
"> 'solar is resilient -- there are a ton of cases where, as long as the roof stays attached, the solar array stays attached as well. that's the real takeaway,' he said. given its elevation, a rooftop solar installation has a better chance of survival than power lines or transformers closer to the ground. "
"you think that’s bad, they also created 200,000 ms-13 refugees who can vote! "
"at&t to issue credits for wireless customers in areas affected by florence "
"> 'storm readiness and disaster preparedness, particularly in the southeast, are major factors for people in going solar,' said tyson grinstead, southeast director of policy for sunrun, a company that leases rooftop solar panels. 'as we see more and more storms, we're seeing more and more customers come to us and see what their options are to provide for themselves.' "
"what happens to a hub of renaissance florence when the friars move out? "
"vox sentences: florence’s flooding continues "
"a nuclear plant braces for impact with hurricane florence "
"yep. i ordered two radios for florence both on prime. "
"it's not just a trump politics page. it's an actual community "
"it’s an automated system. if you use x amount of data, that you know about ahead of time, you are throttled. "
"photos of hurricane florence from space are truly scary to behold "
