"op posted this, its important to know to prevent them from using it against us "
"cnn: trump fatshames hurricane florence "
"*  "
"4 or more days without any conveniences like tv, ac or a nice variety of foodstuffs including your beer or whatever will seem much longer than passing the time with ice in coolers cookouts on the grill and batteries for your lights games etc "
"i just realized how badly the liberal media was hoping more people would die from hurricane florence "
"in times of devastation, some sacrifice to help while others destroy. please read and share about this soldier who was carrying out his duty to help during florence and the scumbags who took everything from him. "
"5. dow s&p booming "
"*hurricane florence: she might not blow hard, but she'll get ya wet!* "
"lumber river, cape fear river, little river, wilmington, new bern, jacksonville, fayetteville, lumberton (2nd time in 2 years), and many other places. nc. "
"**hurricane florence resources**: "
"during hurricane florence we must want out for dindu nuffins and help law enforcement "
"florence turned into nothing but a tropical storm, basically a glorified thunderstorm. i'm from florida, we know all about hurricanes and while it lasts forever a tropical storm is nothing, you don't even get time off work for a tropical storm. "
"it's ike (2008), not florence. "
"north carolina national guard soldiers of c company 1-120th infantry regiment, 30th armor brigade combat team out of elizabethtown evacuates victims of hurricane florence from eastern carolina medical center (new bern, nc). we thank you for your service! "
"35 - richard winters - a suspect in the ives / henry deaths. he was killed in a set-up robbery july 1989. "
"you guys need to stop ... "
"watch: drumf takes food from a survivor of hurricane florence - cnn breaking story. #inpeachdrumf "
"five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane florence! deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. may god be with them! "
"'the backlash against muslims named 'florence' will be worse than the hurricane itself.' "
"no one claimed it was from florence, it was used as an example of fake news. "
