"i don’t know what you mean by concern trolling. i’m simply just stating, like many others in this thread, that what you’ve posted isn’t appropriate material for this subreddit. i would love to go spend some time posting about real things that have happened this week, but i don’t have the time because of college work. however, i will list some topics in this reply about things people *should* go concern themselves with instead of this nonsense post. "
"you retards are just as retarded as the retards at t_d. it's just that you fuckers control far more subs and have ruined reddit far more than t_d. "
"at the time, seven black families lived in the project. after the attack, they left. for the next two decades virtually no blacks lived at ramona gardens. big hazard had deep connections to the mexican mafia, which directed attacks on blacks, authorities allege. "
"hurricane florence and 9.7 million pigs "
"they make up their own minds. "
"al gore lies about florence to fearmonger about climate change "
"pender county is part of metropolitan wilmington, n.c., its county seat is burgaw. "
"everyone out here knows it, and mexicans don't pretend to like black people at all. it's very very out front in la, especially. "
"the list of important topics that actually need to be talked about goes on and on. apologies if the formatting is weird, i typed this quickly on mobile. have a good weekend everyone and stay safe! "
"except that in every, literally every single, thread someone who consistently posts in t_d or some other alt-right subreddit is constantly posting dumb shit that is vaguely related or just inherently just to say stupid shit. "
"'these defendants have admitted their goal was to drive african americans out of this housing facility. this simply will not be tolerated, and we will take any and all steps necessary to protect the civil rights of every person who lives in the united states.' "
"storm florence reinforces on the conceivable way to bermuda "
"a closer look on syria ...with links to all material....nikki-sweety....you're a saddam's wmd person ....go home and help take care of florence victims...myob "
"the nighttime attack on mother's day four years ago laid bare long-standing racial animosity latino gangs have stoked in the ramona gardens housing development and elsewhere. the big hazard gang claimed the boyle heights housing project as its territory and the men set out to terrorize black families into fleeing their apartments, according to a statement released by hanna. "
"in the harbor gateway district of l.a., a latino gang was accused of targeting african americans, including 14-year-old cheryl green, whose 2006 death became a rallying point against such attacks. "
"the only reason trump is involved with this story at all is because he insists on making everything about himself. "
"the case is the latest of several over the last two decades against latino street gangs accused of using violence to push rival black gangs out of certain neighborhoods. "
"no. it's meant to show how the aftermath of the hurricane was wildly mismanaged by the federal government. this isn't a new topic; it has been frequently discussed on /r/politics literally since the hurricane. it has come up again now because of hurricane florence. "
"eventually, black families started moving back to ramona gardens, a sign of progress in a community and a city that was working hard to put the violence of the 1990s behind it. then came the 2014 attack. at least one resident said at the time that she would ask for an emergency transfer out of the complex. others insisted they would stay. "
"and members of a latino gang in highland park were convicted of a series of assaults and killings in the early 1990s. "
